1. Lady Gaga
2. Pink
3. Shakira
4. Christina Aguilera
5. Rihanna
6. Katy Perry
7. Ke$ha
8. Miley Cyrus
9. Taylor Swift
10. Avril Lavigne
11. Britney Spears
12. Beyoncé
13. Jennifer Lopez
14. Aaliyah
15. Anastacia
16. Kelly Clarkson
17. Alicia Keys
18. Mariah Carey
19. Gwen Stefani
20. Fergie
21. Demi Lovato
22. Nicki Minaj
23. P!nk
24. The Pussycat Dolls
25. The Veronicas
26. 2NE1
27. Carrie Underwood
28. Florence + the Machine
29. Florence Welch
30. Florence
31. Florence and the Machine
32. Florence Welch and the Machine
33. Florence and the Machine Florence Welch
34. Florence and the Machine Florence
35. Florence and the Machine Florence Welch and the Machine Florence
36. Florence and the Machine Florence Welch and the Machine Florence Welch
37. Florence and the Machine Florence Welch and the Machine Florence Welch and the Machine
38. Florence and the Machine Florence Welch and the Machine Florence Welch and the Machine Florence
39. Florence and the Machine Florence Welch and the Machine Florence Welch and the Machine Florence Welch
40. Florence and the Machine Florence Welch and the Machine Florence Welch and the Machine Florence Welch and the Machine
41. Florence and the Machine Florence Welch and the Machine Florence Welch and the Machine Florence Welch and the Machine Florence
42. Florence and the Machine Florence Welch and the Machine Florence Welch and the Machine Florence Welch and the Machine Florence Welch
43. Florence and the Machine Florence Welch and the Machine Florence Welch and the Machine Florence Welch and the Machine Florence Welch and the Machine
44. Florence and the Machine Florence Welch and the Machine Florence Welch and the Machine Florence Welch and the Machine Florence Welch and the Machine Florence
45. Florence and the Machine Florence Welch and the Machine Florence Welch and the Machine Florence Welch and the Machine Florence Welch and the Machine Florence Welch
46. Florence and the Machine Florence Welch and the Machine Florence Welch and the Machine Florence Welch and the Machine Florence Welch and the Machine Florence Welch and the Machine
47. Florence and the Machine Florence Welch and the Machine Florence Welch and the Machine Florence Welch and the Machine Florence Welch and the Machine Florence Welch and the Machine Florence
48. Florence and the Machine Florence Welch and the Machine Florence Welch and the Machine Florence Welch and the Machine Florence Welch and the Machine Florence Welch and the Machine Florence Welch
49. Florence and the Machine Florence Welch and the Machine Florence Welch and the Machine Florence Welch and the Machine Florence Welch and the Machine Florence Welch and the Machine Florence Welch and the Machine
50. Florence and the Machine Florence Welch and the Machine Florence Welch and the Machine Florence Welch and the Machine Florence Welch and the Machine Florence Welch and the Machine Florence Welch and the Machine Florence