1. The Mortal Instruments by Cassandra Clare
2. The Infernal Devices by Cassandra Clare
3. The Dark Artifices by Cassandra Clare
4. The Bane Chronicles by Cassandra Clare
5. The Shadowhunter Chronicles by Cassandra Clare
6. The Mortal Instruments: City of Bones by Cassandra Clare
7. The Mortal Instruments: City of Ashes by Cassandra Clare
8. The Mortal Instruments: City of Glass by Cassandra Clare
9. The Mortal Instruments: City of Fallen Angels by Cassandra Clare
10. The Mortal Instruments: City of Lost Souls by Cassandra Clare
11. The Mortal Instruments: The Bane Chronicles by Cassandra Clare
12. The Mortal Instruments: The Infernal Devices by Cassandra Clare
13. The Mortal Instruments: The Dark Artifices by Cassandra Clare
14. The Mortal Instruments: The Shadowhunter Chronicles by Cassandra Clare
15. The Mortal Instruments: The Bane Chronicles: The Lost Book of the White by Cassandra Clare
16. The Mortal Instruments: The Infernal Devices: Clockwork Angel by Cassandra Clare
17. The Mortal Instruments: The Infernal Devices: Clockwork Prince by Cassandra Clare
18. The Mortal Instruments: The Infernal Devices: Clockwork Princess by Cassandra Clare
19. The Mortal Instruments: The Dark Artifices: Lady Midnight by Cassandra Clare
20. The Mortal Instruments: The Dark Artifices: Lord of Shadows by Cassandra Clare
21. The Mortal Instruments: The Dark Artifices: Queen of Air and Darkness by Cassandra Clare
22. The Mortal Instruments: The Shadowhunter Chronicles: The Bane Chronicles: Tales from the Shadowhunter Academy by Cassandra Clare
23. The Mortal Instruments: The Shadowhunter Chronicles: The Infernal Devices: Ghosts of the Shadow Market by Cassandra Clare
24. The Mortal Instruments: The Shadowhunter Chronicles: The Dark Artifices: The Lost Book of the White by Cassandra Clare
25. The Mortal Instruments: The Shadowhunter Chronicles: The Bane Chronicles: The Lost Book of the White: The Iron Sisters by Cassandra Clare
26. The Mortal Instruments: The Shadowhunter Chronicles: The Bane Chronicles: The Lost Book of the White: The Silent Brothers by Cassandra Clare
27. The Mortal Instruments: The Shadowhunter Chronicles: The Bane Chronicles: The Lost Book of the White: The Blackthorns by Cassandra Clare
28. The Mortal Instruments: The Shadowhunter Chronicles: The Bane Chronicles: The Lost Book of the White: The Seelie Court by Cassandra Clare
29. The Mortal Instruments: The Shadowhunter Chronicles: The Bane Chronicles: The Lost Book of the White: The Unseelie Court by Cassandra Clare
30. The Mortal Instruments: The Shadowhunter Chronicles: The Bane Chronicles: The Lost Book of the White: The Fair Folk by Cassandra Clare
31. The Mortal Instruments: The Shadowhunter Chronicles: The Bane Chronicles: The Lost Book of the White: The Dark Artifices by Cassandra Clare
32. The Mortal Instruments: The Shadowhunter Chronicles: The Bane Chronicles: The Lost Book of the White: The Shadowhunters by Cassandra Clare
33. The Mortal Instruments: The Shadowhunter Chronicles: The Bane Chronicles: The Lost Book of the White: The Downworlders by Cassandra Clare
34. The Mortal Instruments: The Shadowhunter Chronicles: The Bane Chronicles: The Lost Book of the White: The World of the Shadowhunters by Cassandra Clare
35. The Mortal Instruments: The Shadowhunter Chronicles: The Bane Chronicles: The Lost Book of the White: The Shadowhunter Codex by Cassandra Clare
36. The Mortal Instruments: The Shadowhunter Chronicles: The Bane Chronicles: The Lost Book of the White: The Shadowhunter Library by Cassandra Clare
37. The Mortal Instruments: The Shadowhunter Chronicles: The Bane Chronicles: The Lost Book of the White: The Shadowhunter Academy by Cassandra Clare
38. The Mortal Instruments: The Shadowhunter Chronicles: The Bane Chronicles: The Lost Book of the White: The Shadowhunter Institute by Cassandra Clare
39. The Mortal Instruments: The Shadowhunter Chronicles: The Bane Chronicles: The Lost Book of the White: The Shadowhunter Archives by Cassandra Clare
40. The Mortal Instruments: The Shadowhunter Chronicles: The Bane Chronicles: The Lost Book of the White: The Shadowhunter Museum by Cassandra Clare
41. The Mortal Instruments: The Shadowhunter