1. The Lord of the Rings by J.R.R. Tolkien
2. The Hitchhiker's Guide to the Galaxy by Douglas Adams
3. A Song of Ice and Fire by George R.R. Martin
4. The Dark Tower series by Stephen King
5. The Wheel of Time series by Robert Jordan
6. The Mistborn series by Brandon Sanderson
7. The Kingkiller Chronicle by Patrick Rothfuss
8. The Stormlight Archive by Brandon Sanderson
9. The Malazan Book of the Fallen by Steven Erikson
10. The Dresden Files by Jim Butcher
11. The Expanse series by James S.A. Corey
12. The Red Rising series by Pierce Brown
13. The Hunger Games series by Suzanne Collins
14. Divergent series by Veronica Roth
15. The Maze Runner series by James Dashner
16. The Mortal Instruments series by Cassandra Clare
17. The Selection series by Kiera Cass
18. The Uglies series by Scott Westerfeld
19. The Percy Jackson and the Olympians series by Rick Riordan
20. The Heroes of Olympus series by Rick Riordan
21. The Kane Chronicles series by Rick Riordan
22. The Magnus Chase and the Gods of Asgard series by Rick Riordan
23. The Trials of Apollo series by Rick Riordan
24. The Mortal Instruments City of Bones by Cassandra Clare
25. The Mortal Instruments City of Ashes by Cassandra Clare
26. The Mortal Instruments City of Glass by Cassandra Clare
27. The Mortal Instruments City of Fallen Angels by Cassandra Clare
28. The Mortal Instruments City of Lost Souls by Cassandra Clare
29. The Mortal Instruments The Mortal Instruments: The Infernal Devices by Cassandra Clare
30. The Mortal Instruments The Mortal Instruments: The Dark Artifices by Cassandra Clare
31. The Mortal Instruments The Mortal Instruments: The Bane Chronicles by Cassandra Clare
32. The Mortal Instruments The Mortal Instruments: The Shadowhunter's Codex by Cassandra Clare
33. The Mortal Instruments The Mortal Instruments: The Bane Chronicles by Cassandra Clare
34. The Mortal Instruments The Mortal Instruments: The Lost Book of the White by Cassandra Clare
35. The Mortal Instruments The Mortal Instruments: The Bane Chronicles by Cassandra Clare
36. The Mortal Instruments The Mortal Instruments: The Red Scrolls of Shadowhunter by Cassandra Clare
37. The Mortal Instruments The Mortal Instruments: The Lost Book of the White by Cassandra Clare
38. The Mortal Instruments The Mortal Instruments: The Bane Chronicles by Cassandra Clare
39. The Mortal Instruments The Mortal Instruments: The Red Scrolls of Shadowhunter by Cassandra Clare
40. The Mortal Instruments The Mortal Instruments: The Lost Book of the White by Cassandra Clare
41. The Mortal Instruments The Mortal Instruments: The Bane Chronicles by Cassandra Clare
42. The Mortal Instruments The Mortal Instruments: The Red Scrolls of Shadowhunter by Cassandra Clare
43. The Mortal Instruments The Mortal Instruments: The Lost Book of the White by Cassandra Clare
44. The Mortal Instruments The Mortal Instruments: The Bane Chronicles by Cassandra Clare
45. The Mortal Instruments The Mortal Instruments: The Red Scrolls of Shadowhunter by Cassandra Clare
46. The Mortal Instruments The Mortal Instruments: The Lost Book of the White by Cassandra Clare
47. The Mortal Instruments The Mortal Instruments: The Bane Chronicles by Cassandra Clare
48. The Mortal Instruments The Mortal Instruments: The Red Scrolls of Shadowhunter by Cassandra Clare
49. The Mortal Instruments The Mortal Instruments: The Lost Book of the White by Cassandra Clare
50. The Mortal Instruments The Mortal Instruments: The Bane Chronicles by Cassandra Clare