1. The Mortal Instruments by Cassandra Clare
2. The Infernal Devices by Cassandra Clare
3. The Dark Artifices by Cassandra Clare
4. The Bane Chronicles by Cassandra Clare
5. The Shadowhunter's Codex by Cassandra Clare
6. The Last Hours by Cassandra Clare
7. The Magisterium by Cassandra Clare and Holly Black
8. The Eldest Curses by Cassandra Clare and Sarah Rees Brennan
9. The Shadowhunter Academy by Cassandra Clare and Sarah Rees Brennan
10. The Shadowhunter's Codex Illustrated Edition by Cassandra Clare
11. The Shadowhunter's Codex: The Official Illustrated Guide to the World of the Shadowhunters by Cassandra Clare
12. The Shadowhunter's Codex: The Official Illustrated Guide to the World of the Shadowhunters: The Infernal Devices by Cassandra Clare
13. The Shadowhunter's Codex: The Official Illustrated Guide to the World of the Shadowhunters: The Dark Artifices by Cassandra Clare
14. The Shadowhunter's Codex: The Official Illustrated Guide to the World of the Shadowhunters: The Last Hours by Cassandra Clare
15. The Shadowhunter's Codex: The Official Illustrated Guide to the World of the Shadowhunters: The Eldest Curses by Cassandra Clare and Sarah Rees Brennan
16. The Shadowhunter's Codex: The Official Illustrated Guide to the World of the Shadowhunters: The Shadowhunter Academy by Cassandra Clare and Sarah Rees Brennan
17. The Shadowhunter's Codex: The Official Illustrated Guide to the World of the Shadowhunters: The Magisterium by Cassandra Clare and Holly Black
18. The Shadowhunter's Codex: The Official Illustrated Guide to the World of the Shadowhunters: The Bane Chronicles by Cassandra Clare
19. The Shadowhunter's Codex: The Official Illustrated Guide to the World of the Shadowhunters: The Mortal Instruments by Cassandra Clare
20. The Shadowhunter's Codex: The Official Illustrated Guide to the World of the Shadowhunters: The Infernal Devices by Cassandra Clare
21. The Shadowhunter's Codex: The Official Illustrated Guide to the World of the Shadowhunters: The Dark Artifices by Cassandra Clare
22. The Shadowhunter's Codex: The Official Illustrated Guide to the World of the Shadowhunters: The Last Hours by Cassandra Clare
23. The Shadowhunter's Codex: The Official Illustrated Guide to the World of the Shadowhunters: The Eldest Curses by Cassandra Clare and Sarah Rees Brennan
24. The Shadowhunter's Codex: The Official Illustrated Guide to the World of the Shadowhunters: The Shadowhunter Academy by Cassandra Clare and Sarah Rees Brennan
25. The Shadowhunter's Codex: The Official Illustrated Guide to the World of the Shadowhunters: The Magisterium by Cassandra Clare and Holly Black
26. The Shadowhunter's Codex: The Official Illustrated Guide to the World of the Shadowhunters: The Bane Chronicles by Cassandra Clare
27. The Shadowhunter's Codex: The Official Illustrated Guide to the World of the Shadowhunters: The Mortal Instruments by Cassandra Clare
28. The Shadowhunter's Codex: The Official Illustrated Guide to the World of the Shadowhunters: The Infernal Devices by Cassandra Clare
29. The Shadowhunter's Codex: The Official Illustrated Guide to the World of the Shadowhunters: The Dark Artifices by Cassandra Clare
30. The Shadowhunter's Codex: The Official Illustrated Guide to the World of the Shadowhunters: The Last Hours by Cassandra Clare
31. The Shadowhunter's Codex: The Official Illustrated Guide to the World of the Shadowhunters: The Eldest Curses by Cassandra Clare and Sarah Rees Brennan
32. The Shadowhunter's Codex: The Official Illustrated Guide to the World of the Shadowhunters: The Shadowhunter Academy by Cassandra Clare and Sarah Rees Brennan
33. The Shadowhunter's Codex: The Official Illustrated Guide to the World of the Shadowhunters: The Magisterium by Cassandra Clare and Holly Black
34. The Shadowhunter's Codex: The Official Illustrated Guide to the World of the Shadowhunters: The Bane Chronicles by Cassandra Clare
35. The Shadowhunter's Codex: The Official Illustrated Guide to the World of the Shadowhunters: The Mortal Instruments by Cassandra Clare
36. The Shadowhunter's Codex: The