1. The Vampire Diaries (series) by L. J. Smith
2. The Mortal Instruments (series) by Cassandra Clare
3. The Infernal Devices (series) by Cassandra Clare
4. The Bane Chronicles (series) by Cassandra Clare
5. The Dark Artifices (series) by Cassandra Clare
6. The Shadowhunter Chronicles (series) by Cassandra Clare
7. The Mortal Instruments: The Bane Chronicles (series) by Cassandra Clare
8. The Mortal Instruments: The Dark Artifices (series) by Cassandra Clare
9. The Mortal Instruments: The Infernal Devices (series) by Cassandra Clare
10. The Mortal Instruments: The Shadowhunter Chronicles (series) by Cassandra Clare
11. The Mortal Instruments: The Last Hours (series) by Cassandra Clare
12. The Mortal Instruments: The Eldest Curses (series) by Cassandra Clare
13. The Mortal Instruments: The Lost Book of the White (series) by Cassandra Clare
14. The Mortal Instruments: The Rise of the Dark King (series) by Cassandra Clare
15. The Mortal Instruments: The Lost Book of the Black (series) by Cassandra Clare
16. The Mortal Instruments: The Lost Book of the Blue (series) by Cassandra Clare
17. The Mortal Instruments: The Lost Book of the Red (series) by Cassandra Clare
18. The Mortal Instruments: The Lost Book of the Green (series) by Cassandra Clare
19. The Mortal Instruments: The Lost Book of the Gray (series) by Cassandra Clare
20. The Mortal Instruments: The Lost Book of the White (series) by Cassandra Clare
21. The Mortal Instruments: The Lost Book of the Black (series) by Cassandra Clare
22. The Mortal Instruments: The Lost Book of the Blue (series) by Cassandra Clare
23. The Mortal Instruments: The Lost Book of the Red (series) by Cassandra Clare
24. The Mortal Instruments: The Lost Book of the Green (series) by Cassandra Clare
25. The Mortal Instruments: The Lost Book of the Gray (series) by Cassandra Clare
26. The Mortal Instruments: The Lost Book of the White (series) by Cassandra Clare
27. The Mortal Instruments: The Lost Book of the Black (series) by Cassandra Clare
28. The Mortal Instruments: The Lost Book of the Blue (series) by Cassandra Clare
29. The Mortal Instruments: The Lost Book of the Red (series) by Cassandra Clare
30. The Mortal Instruments: The Lost Book of the Green (series) by Cassandra Clare
31. The Mortal Instruments: The Lost Book of the Gray (series) by Cassandra Clare
32. The Mortal Instruments: The Lost Book of the White (series) by Cassandra Clare
33. The Mortal Instruments: The Lost Book of the Black (series) by Cassandra Clare
34. The Mortal Instruments: The Lost Book of the Blue (series) by Cassandra Clare
35. The Mortal Instruments: The Lost Book of the Red (series) by Cassandra Clare
36. The Mortal Instruments: The Lost Book of the Green (series) by Cassandra Clare
37. The Mortal Instruments: The Lost Book of the Gray (series) by Cassandra Clare
38. The Mortal Instruments: The Lost Book of the White (series) by Cassandra Clare
39. The Mortal Instruments: The Lost Book of the Black (series) by Cassandra Clare
40. The Mortal Instruments: The Lost Book of the Blue (series) by Cassandra Clare
41. The Mortal Instruments: The Lost Book of the Red (series) by Cassandra Clare
42. The Mortal Instruments: The Lost Book of the Green (series) by Cassandra Clare
43. The Mortal Instruments: The Lost Book of the Gray (series) by Cassandra Clare
44. The Mortal Instruments: The Lost Book of the White (series) by Cassandra Clare
45. The Mortal Instruments: The Lost Book of the Black (series) by Cassandra Clare
46. The Mortal Instruments: The Lost Book of the Blue (series) by Cassandra Clare
47. The Mortal Instruments: The Lost Book of the Red (series) by Cassandra Clare
48. The Mortal Instruments: The Lost Book of the Green (series