1. The Hunger Games (novel) by Suzanne Collins
2. Divergent (novel) by Veronica Roth
3. The Maze Runner (novel) by James Dashner
4. Harry Potter and the Sorcerer's Stone (novel) by J. K. Rowling
5. Harry Potter and the Chamber of Secrets (novel) by J. K. Rowling
6. Harry Potter and the Prisoner of Azkaban (novel) by J. K. Rowling
7. Harry Potter and the Goblet of Fire (novel) by J. K. Rowling
8. Harry Potter and the Order of the Phoenix (novel) by J. K. Rowling
9. Harry Potter and the Half-Blood Prince (novel) by J. K. Rowling
10. Harry Potter and the Deathly Hallows (novel) by J. K. Rowling
11. Percy Jackson and the Olympians: The Lightning Thief (novel) by Rick Riordan
12. Percy Jackson and the Olympians: The Sea of Monsters (novel) by Rick Riordan
13. Percy Jackson and the Olympians: The Titan's Curse (novel) by Rick Riordan
14. Percy Jackson and the Olympians: The Battle of the Labyrinth (novel) by Rick Riordan
15. Percy Jackson and the Olympians: The Last Olympian (novel) by Rick Riordan
16. The Lord of the Rings: The Fellowship of the Ring (novel) by J. R. R. Tolkien
17. The Lord of the Rings: The Two Towers (novel) by J. R. R. Tolkien
18. The Lord of the Rings: The Return of the King (novel) by J. R. R. Tolkien
19. The Hobbit (novel) by J. R. R. Tolkien
20. A Song of Ice and Fire (book series) by George R. R. Martin
21. The Hitchhiker's Guide to the Galaxy (novel) by Douglas Adams
22. The Hitchhiker's Guide to the Galaxy (radio series) by Douglas Adams
23. The Hitchhiker's Guide to the Galaxy (TV series) by Douglas Adams
24. The Hitchhiker's Guide to the Galaxy (film) by Garth Jennings
25. The Hitchhiker's Guide to the Galaxy (video game) by Infocom
26. The Hitchhiker's Guide to the Galaxy (stage play) by Douglas Adams and Stephen Fry
27. The Hitchhiker's Guide to the Galaxy (comic book) by Grant Morrison and Steve Parkhouse
28. The Hitchhiker's Guide to the Galaxy (audiobook) by Douglas Adams
29. The Hitchhiker's Guide to the Galaxy (novella) by Douglas Adams
30. The Hitchhiker's Guide to the Galaxy (short story) by Douglas Adams
31. The Hitchhiker's Guide to the Galaxy (fan fiction) by various authors
32. The Hitchhiker's Guide to the Galaxy (parodies) by various authors
33. The Hitchhiker's Guide to the Galaxy (criticism) by various authors
34. The Hitchhiker's Guide to the Galaxy (scholarship) by various authors
35. The Hitchhiker's Guide to the Galaxy (fan art) by various artists
36. The Hitchhiker's Guide to the Galaxy (fan merchandise) by various manufacturers
37. The Hitchhiker's Guide to the Galaxy (fan conventions) by various organizers
38. The Hitchhiker's Guide to the Galaxy (fan clubs) by various members
39. The Hitchhiker's Guide to the Galaxy (fan websites) by various creators
40. The Hitchhiker's Guide to the Galaxy (fan forums) by various moderators
41. The Hitchhiker's Guide to the Galaxy (fan wikis) by various contributors
42. The Hitchhiker's Guide to the Galaxy (fan podcasts) by various hosts
43. The Hitchhiker's Guide to the Galaxy (fan videos) by various creators
44. The Hitchhiker's Guide to the Galaxy (fan music) by various artists
45. The Hitchhiker's Guide to the Galaxy (