1. The Mortal Instruments by Cassandra Clare
2. The Infernal Devices by Cassandra Clare
3. The Bane Chronicles by Cassandra Clare
4. The Dark Artifices by Cassandra Clare
5. The Last Hours by Cassandra Clare
6. The Shadowhunter Chronicles by Cassandra Clare
7. The Mortal Instruments: City of Bones by Cassandra Clare
8. The Mortal Instruments: City of Ashes by Cassandra Clare
9. The Mortal Instruments: City of Glass by Cassandra Clare
10. The Mortal Instruments: City of Fallen Angels by Cassandra Clare
11. The Mortal Instruments: City of Lost Souls by Cassandra Clare
12. The Mortal Instruments: City of Heavenly Fire by Cassandra Clare
13. The Infernal Devices: Clockwork Angel by Cassandra Clare
14. The Infernal Devices: Clockwork Prince by Cassandra Clare
15. The Infernal Devices: Clockwork Princess by Cassandra Clare
16. The Bane Chronicles: The Mortal Instruments Prequels by Cassandra Clare
17. The Bane Chronicles: The Infernal Devices Prequels by Cassandra Clare
18. The Dark Artifices: Lady Midnight by Cassandra Clare
19. The Dark Artifices: Lord of Shadows by Cassandra Clare
20. The Dark Artifices: Queen of Air and Darkness by Cassandra Clare
21. The Last Hours: Chain of Gold by Cassandra Clare
22. The Last Hours: Chain of Iron by Cassandra Clare
23. The Last Hours: Chain of Thorns by Cassandra Clare
24. The Shadowhunter Chronicles: The Illustrated World of the Shadowhunters by Cassandra Clare
25. The Shadowhunter Chronicles: The Illustrated Novels by Cassandra Clare
26. The Shadowhunter Chronicles: The Illustrated World of the Shadowhunters: The Infernal Devices by Cassandra Clare
27. The Shadowhunter Chronicles: The Illustrated World of the Shadowhunters: The Dark Artifices by Cassandra Clare
28. The Shadowhunter Chronicles: The Illustrated World of the Shadowhunters: The Last Hours by Cassandra Clare
29. The Mortal Instruments: The Graphic Novel by Cassandra Clare
30. The Infernal Devices: The Graphic Novel by Cassandra Clare
31. The Bane Chronicles: The Graphic Novel by Cassandra Clare
32. The Dark Artifices: The Graphic Novel by Cassandra Clare
33. The Last Hours: The Graphic Novel by Cassandra Clare
34. The Shadowhunter Chronicles: The Graphic Novel Collection by Cassandra Clare
35. The Mortal Instruments: The Graphic Novel Box Set by Cassandra Clare
36. The Infernal Devices: The Graphic Novel Box Set by Cassandra Clare
37. The Bane Chronicles: The Graphic Novel Box Set by Cassandra Clare
38. The Dark Artifices: The Graphic Novel Box Set by Cassandra Clare
39. The Last Hours: The Graphic Novel Box Set by Cassandra Clare
40. The Shadowhunter Chronicles: The Graphic Novel Collection Box Set by Cassandra Clare
41. The Mortal Instruments: The Illustrated City of Bones by Cassandra Clare
42. The Infernal Devices: The Illustrated Clockwork Angel by Cassandra Clare
43. The Bane Chronicles: The Illustrated The Mortal Instruments Prequels by Cassandra Clare
44. The Dark Artifices: The Illustrated Lady Midnight by Cassandra Clare
45. The Last Hours: The Illustrated Chain of Gold by Cassandra Clare
46. The Shadowhunter Chronicles: The Illustrated World of the Shadowhunters: The Illustrated City of Bones by Cassandra Clare
47. The Shadowhunter Chronicles: The Illustrated World of the Shadowhunters: The Illustrated Clockwork Angel by Cassandra Clare
48. The Shadowhunter Chronicles: The Illustrated World of the Shadowhunters: The Illustrated The Mortal Instruments Prequels by Cassandra Clare
49. The Shadowhunter Chronicles: The Illustrated World of the Shadowhunters: The Illustrated Lady Midnight by Cassandra Clare
50. The Shadowhunter Chronicles: The Illustrated World of the Shadowhunters: The Illustrated Chain of Gold