1. Divergent (Divergent trilogy) by Veronica Roth
2. Insurgent (Divergent trilogy) by Veronica Roth
3. Allegiant (Divergent trilogy) by Veronica Roth
4. The Maze Runner (The Maze Runner trilogy) by James Dashner
5. The Scorch Trials (The Maze Runner trilogy) by James Dashner
6. The Death Cure (The Maze Runner trilogy) by James Dashner
7. The Hunger Games (The Hunger Games trilogy) by Suzanne Collins
8. Catching Fire (The Hunger Games trilogy) by Suzanne Collins
9. Mockingjay (The Hunger Games trilogy) by Suzanne Collins
10. The Ballad of Songbirds and Snakes (The Hunger Games prequel) by Suzanne Collins
11. The Uglies (Uglies series) by Scott Westerfeld
12. Pretties (Uglies series) by Scott Westerfeld
13. Specials (Uglies series) by Scott Westerfeld
14. Extras (Uglies series) by Scott Westerfeld
15. Nowhere Boys (Nowhere Boys series) by Garth Nix
16. The Book of Tomorrow (Nowhere Boys series) by Garth Nix
17. The Broken Shore (Nowhere Boys series) by Garth Nix
18. The Last Days (Masterson novel) by Andrew Masterson
19. The Last Days: The Prophecy by Andrew Masterson
20. The Last Days: The Sacrifice by Andrew Masterson
21. The Last Days: The Redemption by Andrew Masterson
22. The Giver (The Giver Quartet) by Lois Lowry
23. Gathering Blue (The Giver Quartet) by Lois Lowry
24. Messenger (The Giver Quartet) by Lois Lowry
25. Son (The Giver Quartet) by Lois Lowry
26. The Sisterhood of the Traveling Pants (The Sisterhood of the Traveling Pants series) by Ann Brashares
27. The Sisterhood of the Traveling Pants 2 (The Sisterhood of the Traveling Pants series) by Ann Brashares
28. The Sisterhood of the Traveling Pants 3 (The Sisterhood of the Traveling Pants series) by Ann Brashares
29. The Sisterhood of the Traveling Pants 4 (The Sisterhood of the Traveling Pants series) by Ann Brashares
30. Identical (Identical series) by Ellen Hopkins
31. Perfect (Identical series) by Ellen Hopkins
32. True (Identical series) by Ellen Hopkins
33. Lies (Identical series) by Ellen Hopkins
34. Burned (Burned series) by Ellen Hopkins
35. Torn (Burned series) by Ellen Hopkins
36. Frayed (Burned series) by Ellen Hopkins
37. Shattered (Burned series) by Ellen Hopkins
38. Beautiful Creatures (Beautiful Creatures series) by Kami Garcia and Margaret Stohl
39. Beautiful Darkness (Beautiful Creatures series) by Kami Garcia and Margaret Stohl
40. Beautiful Redemption (Beautiful Creatures series) by Kami Garcia and Margaret Stohl
41. The Raven Boys (The Raven Cycle) by Maggie Stiefvater
42. The Dream Thieves (The Raven Cycle) by Maggie Stiefvater
43. The Raven King (The Raven Cycle) by Maggie Stiefvater
44. The Eagle's Daughter (The Eagle's Daughter series) by Juliet Marillier
45. Daughter of the Forest (The Eagle's Daughter series) by Juliet Marillier
46. Son of the Shadows (The Eagle's Daughter series) by Juliet Marillier
47. Child of the Prophecy (The Eagle's Daughter series) by Juliet Marillier
48. The Scorpio Races by Maggie Stiefvater
49. The Raven Boys (The Raven Cycle) by Maggie Stiefvater
50. The Dream Thieves (The Raven Cycle) by Maggie Stiefvater