1. The Southern Vampire Mysteries (series) by Charlaine Harris
2. The Twilight Saga (series) by Stephenie Meyer
3. The Harry Potter series by J.K. Rowling
4. The Lord of the Rings (series) by J.R.R. Tolkien
5. The Kama Sutra
6. The Pirate (novel) by Walter Scott
7. The Complete Works of Shakespeare
8. The Chronicles of Narnia (series) by C.S. Lewis
9. The Hunger Games (series) by Suzanne Collins
10. The Divergent Series (series) by Veronica Roth
11. The Maze Runner (series) by James Dashner
12. The Percy Jackson and the Olympians (series) by Rick Riordan
13. The Mortal Instruments (series) by Cassandra Clare
14. The Infernal Devices (series) by Cassandra Clare
15. The Shadowhunter Chronicles (series) by Cassandra Clare
16. The Mortal Instruments: The Bane Chronicles (series) by Cassandra Clare
17. The Mortal Instruments: The Dark Artifices (series) by Cassandra Clare
18. The Mortal Instruments: The Eldest Curses (series) by Cassandra Clare
19. The Mortal Instruments: The Lost Book of the White (series) by Cassandra Clare
20. The Mortal Instruments: The Shadowhunter's Codex (series) by Cassandra Clare
21. The Mortal Instruments: The Bane Chronicles: The Red Scrolls of Magnus Bane (series) by Cassandra Clare
22. The Mortal Instruments: The Bane Chronicles: The Lost Book of the White (series) by Cassandra Clare
23. The Mortal Instruments: The Bane Chronicles: The Dark Artifices (series) by Cassandra Clare
24. The Mortal Instruments: The Bane Chronicles: The Eldest Curses (series) by Cassandra Clare
25. The Mortal Instruments: The Bane Chronicles: The Lost Book of the White (series) by Cassandra Clare
26. The Mortal Instruments: The Bane Chronicles: The Red Scrolls of Magnus Bane (series) by Cassandra Clare
27. The Mortal Instruments: The Bane Chronicles: The Lost Book of the White (series) by Cassandra Clare
28. The Mortal Instruments: The Bane Chronicles: The Dark Artifices (series) by Cassandra Clare
29. The Mortal Instruments: The Bane Chronicles: The Eldest Curses (series) by Cassandra Clare
30. The Mortal Instruments: The Bane Chronicles: The Lost Book of the White (series) by Cassandra Clare
31. The Mortal Instruments: The Bane Chronicles: The Red Scrolls of Magnus Bane (series) by Cassandra Clare
32. The Mortal Instruments: The Bane Chronicles: The Lost Book of the White (series) by Cassandra Clare
33. The Mortal Instruments: The Bane Chronicles: The Dark Artifices (series) by Cassandra Clare
34. The Mortal Instruments: The Bane Chronicles: The Eldest Curses (series) by Cassandra Clare
35. The Mortal Instruments: The Bane Chronicles: The Lost Book of the White (series) by Cassandra Clare
36. The Mortal Instruments: The Bane Chronicles: The Red Scrolls of Magnus Bane (series) by Cassandra Clare
37. The Mortal Instruments: The Bane Chronicles: The Lost Book of the White (series) by Cassandra Clare
38. The Mortal Instruments: The Bane Chronicles: The Dark Artifices (series) by Cassandra Clare
39. The Mortal Instruments: The Bane Chronicles: The Eldest Curses (series) by Cassandra Clare
40. The Mortal Instruments: The Bane Chronicles: The Lost Book of the White (series) by Cassandra Clare
41. The Mortal Instruments: The Bane Chronicles: The Red Scrolls of Magnus Bane (series) by Cassandra Clare
42. The Mortal Instruments: The Bane Chronicles: The Lost Book of the White (series) by Cassandra Clare
43. The Mortal Instruments: The Bane Chronicles: The Dark Artifices (series) by Cassandra Clare
44. The Mortal Instruments: The Bane Chronicles: The Eldest Curses (series) by Cassandra Clare
45. The Mortal Instruments: The Bane Chronicles: The Lost Book of the White (series) by Cassandra Clare
46. The Mortal Instruments: The Bane Chronicles: The Red Scrolls