1. The Hobbit by J. R. R. Tolkien
2. The Silmarillion by J. R. R. Tolkien
3. The Two Towers by J. R. R. Tolkien
4. The Children of Hurin by J. R. R. Tolkien
5. The Lord of the Rings: The Motion Picture Trilogy (Extended Edition)
6. The Lord of the Rings: The Return of the King (Extended Edition)
7. The Lord of the Rings: The Two Towers (Extended Edition)
8. The Lord of the Rings: The Fellowship of the Ring (Extended Edition)
9. The Chronicles of Narnia: The Lion, the Witch and the Wardrobe
10. The Chronicles of Narnia: Prince Caspian
11. The Chronicles of Narnia: The Voyage of the Dawn Treader
12. The Chronicles of Narnia: The Silver Chair
13. The Chronicles of Narnia: The Last Battle
14. The Hitchhiker's Guide to the Galaxy by Douglas Adams
15. The Hitchhiker's Guide to the Galaxy: The Restaurant at the End of the Universe
16. The Hitchhiker's Guide to the Galaxy: Life, the Universe and Everything
17. The Hitchhiker's Guide to the Galaxy: So Long, and Thanks for All the Fish
18. The Hitchhiker's Guide to the Galaxy: Mostly Harmless
19. The Hitchhiker's Guide to the Galaxy: The Ultimate Hitchhiker's Guide
20. The Hitchhiker's Guide to the Galaxy: The Original Radio Scripts
21. The Hitchhiker's Guide to the Galaxy: The Tertiary Phase
22. The Hitchhiker's Guide to the Galaxy: The Quintessential Phase
23. The Hitchhiker's Guide to the Galaxy: The Hexagonal Phase
24. The Hitchhiker's Guide to the Galaxy: The Seventh Seal
25. The Hitchhiker's Guide to the Galaxy: The Eighth Expedition
26. The Hitchhiker's Guide to the Galaxy: The Ninth Hitchhiker
27. The Hitchhiker's Guide to the Galaxy: The Tenth Hitchhiker
28. The Hitchhiker's Guide to the Galaxy: The Eleventh Hitchhiker
29. The Hitchhiker's Guide to the Galaxy: The Twelfth Hitchhiker
30. The Hitchhiker's Guide to the Galaxy: The Thirteenth Hitchhiker
31. The Hitchhiker's Guide to the Galaxy: The Fourteenth Hitchhiker
32. The Hitchhiker's Guide to the Galaxy: The Fifteenth Hitchhiker
33. The Hitchhiker's Guide to the Galaxy: The Sixteenth Hitchhiker
34. The Hitchhiker's Guide to the Galaxy: The Seventeenth Hitchhiker
35. The Hitchhiker's Guide to the Galaxy: The Eighteenth Hitchhiker
36. The Hitchhiker's Guide to the Galaxy: The Nineteenth Hitchhiker
37. The Hitchhiker's Guide to the Galaxy: The Twentieth Hitchhiker
38. The Hitchhiker's Guide to the Galaxy: The Twenty-First Hitchhiker
39. The Hitchhiker's Guide to the Galaxy: The Twenty-Second Hitchhiker
40. The Hitchhiker's Guide to the Galaxy: The Twenty-Third Hitchhiker
41. The Hitchhiker's Guide to the Galaxy: The Twenty-Fourth Hitchhiker
42. The Hitchhiker's Guide to the Galaxy: The Twenty-Fifth Hitchhiker
43. The Hitchhiker's Guide to the Galaxy: The Twenty-Sixth Hitchhiker
44. The Hitchhiker's Guide to the Galaxy: The Twenty-Seventh Hitchhiker
45. The Hitchhiker's Guide to the Galaxy: The Twenty-Eighth Hitchhiker
46. The Hitchhiker's Guide to the Galaxy: The Twenty-Ninth Hitchhiker
47. The Hitchhiker's Guide to the Galaxy: The Thirtieth Hitchhiker
48. The Hitchhiker's Guide to the Galaxy: The Thirty-First Hitchhiker
49. The Hitchhiker's Guide to the Galaxy: The Thirty-Second Hitchhiker
50. The H