1. The Stand by Stephen King
2. The Shining by Stephen King
3. It by Stephen King
4. Pet Sematary by Stephen King
5. Misery by Stephen King
6. 11/22/63 by Stephen King
7. Doctor Sleep by Stephen King
8. The Long Walk by Stephen King
9. The Green Mile by Stephen King
10. The Dark Tower series by Stephen King
11. The Hitchhiker's Guide to the Galaxy by Douglas Adams
12. The Restaurant at the End of the Universe by Douglas Adams
13. So Long, and Thanks for All the Fish by Douglas Adams
14. Mostly Harmless by Douglas Adams
15. The Hitchhiker's Guide to the Galaxy radio series by Douglas Adams
16. The Hitchhiker's Guide to the Galaxy TV series by Douglas Adams
17. The Hitchhiker's Guide to the Galaxy film by Douglas Adams
18. The Hitchhiker's Guide to the Galaxy video game by Douglas Adams
19. The Hitchhiker's Guide to the Galaxy audio books by Douglas Adams
20. The Hitchhiker's Guide to the Galaxy stage show by Douglas Adams
21. The Hitchhiker's Guide to the Galaxy comic book series by Douglas Adams
22. The Hitchhiker's Guide to the Galaxy roleplaying game by Douglas Adams
23. The Hitchhiker's Guide to the Galaxy board game by Douglas Adams
24. The Hitchhiker's Guide to the Galaxy card game by Douglas Adams
25. The Hitchhiker's Guide to the Galaxy trading card game by Douglas Adams
26. The Hitchhiker's Guide to the Galaxy pinball machine by Douglas Adams
27. The Hitchhiker's Guide to the Galaxy theme park ride by Douglas Adams
28. The Hitchhiker's Guide to the Galaxy museum exhibit by Douglas Adams
29. The Hitchhiker's Guide to the Galaxy hotel by Douglas Adams
30. The Hitchhiker's Guide to the Galaxy restaurant by Douglas Adams
31. The Hitchhiker's Guide to the Galaxy clothing line by Douglas Adams
32. The Hitchhiker's Guide to the Galaxy merchandise by Douglas Adams
33. The Hitchhiker's Guide to the Galaxy video games by Douglas Adams
34. The Hitchhiker's Guide to the Galaxy board games by Douglas Adams
35. The Hitchhiker's Guide to the Galaxy card games by Douglas Adams
36. The Hitchhiker's Guide to the Galaxy trading card games by Douglas Adams
37. The Hitchhiker's Guide to the Galaxy pinball machines by Douglas Adams
38. The Hitchhiker's Guide to the Galaxy theme park rides by Douglas Adams
39. The Hitchhiker's Guide to the Galaxy museum exhibits by Douglas Adams
40. The Hitchhiker's Guide to the Galaxy hotels by Douglas Adams
41. The Hitchhiker's Guide to the Galaxy restaurants by Douglas Adams
42. The Hitchhiker's Guide to the Galaxy clothing line by Douglas Adams
43. The Hitchhiker's Guide to the Galaxy merchandise by Douglas Adams
44. The Hitchhiker's Guide to the Galaxy video games by Douglas Adams
45. The Hitchhiker's Guide to the Galaxy board games by Douglas Adams
46. The Hitchhiker's Guide to the Galaxy card games by Douglas Adams
47. The Hitchhiker's Guide to the Galaxy trading card games by Douglas Adams
48. The Hitchhiker's Guide to the Galaxy pinball machines by Douglas Adams
49. The Hitchhiker's Guide to the Galaxy theme park rides by Douglas Adams
50. The Hitchhiker's Guide to the Galaxy museum exhibits by Douglas Adams