1. The Count of Monte Cristo by Alexandre Dumas
2. The Hunchback of Notre-Dame by Victor Hugo
3. Les Misérables by Victor Hugo
4. A Tale of Two Cities by Charles Dickens
5. The Adventures of Huckleberry Finn by Mark Twain
6. Moby-Dick by Herman Melville
7. The Scarlet Letter by Nathaniel Hawthorne
8. The Adventures of Sherlock Holmes by Arthur Conan Doyle
9. The War of the Worlds by H. G. Wells
10. Frankenstein by Mary Shelley
11. Jane Eyre by Charlotte Brontë
12. Wuthering Heights by Emily Brontë
13. Pride and Prejudice by Jane Austen
14. Emma by Jane Austen
15. Persuasion by Jane Austen
16. Sense and Sensibility by Jane Austen
17. Northanger Abbey by Jane Austen
18. Mansfield Park by Jane Austen
19. Middlemarch by George Eliot
20. The Mill on the Floss by George Eliot
21. Silas Marner by George Eliot
22. Daniel Deronda by George Eliot
23. The Origin of Species by Charles Darwin
24. On the Origin of Species by Means of Natural Selection, or the Preservation of Favoured Races in the Struggle for Life by Charles Darwin
25. The Descent of Man, and Selection in Relation to Sex by Charles Darwin
26. The Voyage of the Beagle by Charles Darwin
27. The Origin of the Species by Means of Natural Selection by Charles Darwin
28. The Origin of Species by Means of Natural Selection, or the Preservation of Favoured Races in the Struggle for Life by Charles Darwin
29. The Descent of Man, and Selection in Relation to Sex by Charles Darwin
30. The Voyage of the Beagle by Charles Darwin
31. The Origin of the Species by Means of Natural Selection by Charles Darwin
32. The Origin of Species by Means of Natural Selection, or the Preservation of Favoured Races in the Struggle for Life by Charles Darwin
33. The Descent of Man, and Selection in Relation to Sex by Charles Darwin
34. The Voyage of the Beagle by Charles Darwin
35. The Origin of the Species by Means of Natural Selection by Charles Darwin
36. The Origin of Species by Means of Natural Selection, or the Preservation of Favoured Races in the Struggle for Life by Charles Darwin
37. The Descent of Man, and Selection in Relation to Sex by Charles Darwin
38. The Voyage of the Beagle by Charles Darwin
39. The Origin of the Species by Means of Natural Selection by Charles Darwin
40. The Origin of Species by Means of Natural Selection, or the Preservation of Favoured Races in the Struggle for Life by Charles Darwin
41. The Descent of Man, and Selection in Relation to Sex by Charles Darwin
42. The Voyage of the Beagle by Charles Darwin
43. The Origin of the Species by Means of Natural Selection by Charles Darwin
44. The Origin of Species by Means of Natural Selection, or the Preservation of Favoured Races in the Struggle for Life by Charles Darwin
45. The Descent of Man, and Selection in Relation to Sex by Charles Darwin
46. The Voyage of the Beagle by Charles Darwin
47. The Origin of the Species by Means of Natural Selection by Charles Darwin
48. The Origin of Species by Means of Natural Selection, or the Preservation of Favoured Races in the Struggle for Life by Charles Darwin
49. The Descent of Man, and Selection in Relation to Sex by Charles Darwin
50. The Voyage of the Beagle by Charles Darwin