1. The Perks of Being a Wallflower by Stephen Chbosky
2. The Catcher in the Rye by J. D. Salinger
3. To Kill a Mockingbird by Harper Lee
4. The Outsiders by S. E. Hinton
5. The Magician's Nephew by C. S. Lewis
6. The Lion, the Witch and the Wardrobe by C. S. Lewis
7. The Voyage of the Dawn Treader by C. S. Lewis
8. The Silver Chair by C. S. Lewis
9. The Last Battle by C. S. Lewis
10. The Hobbit by J. R. R. Tolkien
11. The Lord of the Rings: The Fellowship of the Ring by J. R. R. Tolkien
12. The Lord of the Rings: The Two Towers by J. R. R. Tolkien
13. The Lord of the Rings: The Return of the King by J. R. R. Tolkien
14. The Hitchhiker's Guide to the Galaxy by Douglas Adams
15. The Restaurant at the End of the Universe by Douglas Adams
16. Life, the Universe and Everything by Douglas Adams
17. So Long, and Thanks for All the Fish by Douglas Adams
18. Mostly Harmless by Douglas Adams
19. The Hitchhiker's Guide to the Galaxy: The Ultimate Hitchhiker's Guide by Douglas Adams
20. The Hitchhiker's Guide to the Galaxy: The Restaurant at the End of the Universe by Douglas Adams
21. The Hitchhiker's Guide to the Galaxy: Life, the Universe and Everything by Douglas Adams
22. The Hitchhiker's Guide to the Galaxy: So Long, and Thanks for All the Fish by Douglas Adams
23. The Hitchhiker's Guide to the Galaxy: Mostly Harmless by Douglas Adams
24. The Hitchhiker's Guide to the Galaxy: The Ultimate Hitchhiker's Guide by Douglas Adams
25. The Hitchhiker's Guide to the Galaxy: The Restaurant at the End of the Universe by Douglas Adams
26. The Hitchhiker's Guide to the Galaxy: Life, the Universe and Everything by Douglas Adams
27. The Hitchhiker's Guide to the Galaxy: So Long, and Thanks for All the Fish by Douglas Adams
28. The Hitchhiker's Guide to the Galaxy: Mostly Harmless by Douglas Adams
29. The Hitchhiker's Guide to the Galaxy: The Ultimate Hitchhiker's Guide by Douglas Adams
30. The Hitchhiker's Guide to the Galaxy: The Restaurant at the End of the Universe by Douglas Adams
31. The Hitchhiker's Guide to the Galaxy: Life, the Universe and Everything by Douglas Adams
32. The Hitchhiker's Guide to the Galaxy: So Long, and Thanks for All the Fish by Douglas Adams
33. The Hitchhiker's Guide to the Galaxy: Mostly Harmless by Douglas Adams
34. The Hitchhiker's Guide to the Galaxy: The Ultimate Hitchhiker's Guide by Douglas Adams
35. The Hitchhiker's Guide to the Galaxy: The Restaurant at the End of the Universe by Douglas Adams
36. The Hitchhiker's Guide to the Galaxy: Life, the Universe and Everything by Douglas Adams
37. The Hitchhiker's Guide to the Galaxy: So Long, and Thanks for All the Fish by Douglas Adams
38. The Hitchhiker's Guide to the Galaxy: Mostly Harmless by Douglas Adams
39. The Hitchhiker's Guide to the Galaxy: The Ultimate Hitchhiker's Guide by Douglas Adams
40. The Hitchhiker's Guide to the Galaxy: The Restaurant at the End of the Universe by Douglas Adams
41. The Hitchhiker's Guide to the Galaxy: Life, the Universe and Everything by Douglas Adams
42. The Hitchhiker's Guide to the Galaxy: So Long, and Thanks for All the Fish by Douglas Adams
43. The Hitchhiker's Guide to the Galaxy: Mostly Harmless by Douglas Adams
44. The Hitchhiker's Guide to the Galaxy: The Ultimate Hitchhiker's Guide by Douglas Adams
45. The Hitchhiker'