1. The Mortal Instruments (series) by Cassandra Clare
2. The Infernal Devices (series) by Cassandra Clare
3. The Dark Artifices (series) by Cassandra Clare
4. The Bane Chronicles (series) by Cassandra Clare
5. The Mortal Instruments: The Bane Chronicles (graphic novel) by Cassandra Clare
6. The Mortal Instruments: The Lost Book of the White (graphic novel) by Cassandra Clare
7. The Mortal Instruments: The Shadowhunter's Codex (graphic novel) by Cassandra Clare
8. The Mortal Instruments: The Illustrated City of Bones (graphic novel) by Cassandra Clare
9. The Mortal Instruments: The Illustrated City of Ashes (graphic novel) by Cassandra Clare
10. The Mortal Instruments: The Illustrated City of Glass (graphic novel) by Cassandra Clare
11. The Mortal Instruments: The Illustrated Prince of Shadows (graphic novel) by Cassandra Clare
12. The Mortal Instruments: The Illustrated The Fallen Angel (graphic novel) by Cassandra Clare
13. The Mortal Instruments: The Illustrated The City of Heavenly Fire (graphic novel) by Cassandra Clare
14. The Infernal Devices: Clockwork Angel (graphic novel) by Cassandra Clare
15. The Infernal Devices: Clockwork Prince (graphic novel) by Cassandra Clare
16. The Infernal Devices: Clockwork Princess (graphic novel) by Cassandra Clare
17. The Dark Artifices: Lady Midnight (graphic novel) by Cassandra Clare
18. The Dark Artifices: Lord of Shadows (graphic novel) by Cassandra Clare
19. The Dark Artifices: Queen of Air and Darkness (graphic novel) by Cassandra Clare
20. The Bane Chronicles: The Red Scrolls of Magic (graphic novel) by Cassandra Clare
21. The Bane Chronicles: The Lost Book of the White (graphic novel) by Cassandra Clare
22. The Bane Chronicles: The Dark Artifices (graphic novel) by Cassandra Clare
23. The Bane Chronicles: The Mortal Instruments (graphic novel) by Cassandra Clare
24. The Bane Chronicles: The Infernal Devices (graphic novel) by Cassandra Clare
25. The Mortal Instruments: The Bane Chronicles (graphic novel) by Cassandra Clare
26. The Mortal Instruments: The Lost Book of the White (graphic novel) by Cassandra Clare
27. The Mortal Instruments: The Illustrated City of Bones (graphic novel) by Cassandra Clare
28. The Mortal Instruments: The Illustrated City of Ashes (graphic novel) by Cassandra Clare
29. The Mortal Instruments: The Illustrated City of Glass (graphic novel) by Cassandra Clare
30. The Mortal Instruments: The Illustrated Prince of Shadows (graphic novel) by Cassandra Clare
31. The Mortal Instruments: The Illustrated The Fallen Angel (graphic novel) by Cassandra Clare
32. The Mortal Instruments: The Illustrated The City of Heavenly Fire (graphic novel) by Cassandra Clare
33. The Infernal Devices: Clockwork Angel (graphic novel) by Cassandra Clare
34. The Infernal Devices: Clockwork Prince (graphic novel) by Cassandra Clare
35. The Infernal Devices: Clockwork Princess (graphic novel) by Cassandra Clare
36. The Dark Artifices: Lady Midnight (graphic novel) by Cassandra Clare
37. The Dark Artifices: Lord of Shadows (graphic novel) by Cassandra Clare
38. The Dark Artifices: Queen of Air and Darkness (graphic novel) by Cassandra Clare
39. The Bane Chronicles: The Red Scrolls of Magic (graphic novel) by Cassandra Clare
40. The Bane Chronicles: The Lost Book of the White (graphic novel) by Cassandra Clare
41. The Bane Chronicles: The Dark Artifices (graphic novel) by Cassandra Clare
42. The Bane Chronicles: The Mortal Instruments (graphic novel) by Cassandra Clare
43. The Bane Chronicles: The Infernal Devices (graphic novel) by Cassandra Clare
44. The Mortal Instruments: The Bane Chronicles (graphic novel) by Cassandra Clare
45. The Mortal Instruments: The Lost Book of the White (graphic novel) by Cassandra Clare
46. The Mortal Instruments: The Illustrated City of Bones (graphic novel) by Cassandra Clare
47. The Mortal Instruments: The Illustrated City of Ashes (graphic novel) by Cassandra Clare
48. The Mortal