1. The Belgariad (series) by David Eddings
2. The Mistborn Trilogy by Brandon Sanderson
3. The Wheel of Time (series) by Robert Jordan
4. The Sword of Shannara (series) by Terry Brooks
5. The Farseer Trilogy by Robin Hobb
6. The Kingkiller Chronicle (series) by Patrick Rothfuss
7. The Stormlight Archive (series) by Brandon Sanderson
8. The Malazan Book of the Fallen (series) by Steven Erikson
9. The First Law (series) by Joe Abercrombie
10. The Dresden Files (series) by Jim Butcher
11. The Night Angel Trilogy by Brent Weeks
12. The Codex Alera (series) by Jim Butcher
13. The Riyria Revelations (series) by Michael J. Sullivan
14. The Gentleman Bastards Sequence (series) by Scott Lynch
15. The Lies of Locke Lamora by Scott Lynch
16. The Name of the Wind by Patrick Rothfuss
17. A Song of Ice and Fire (series) by George R. R. Martin
18. The Witcher (series) by Andrzej Sapkowski
19. The Red Rising Trilogy by Pierce Brown
20. The Martian by Andy Weir
21. Ready Player One by Ernest Cline
22. The Hunger Games (series) by Suzanne Collins
23. Divergent (series) by Veronica Roth
24. The Maze Runner (series) by James Dashner
25. The Percy Jackson and the Olympians (series) by Rick Riordan
26. The Heroes of Olympus (series) by Rick Riordan
27. The Kane Chronicles (series) by Rick Riordan
28. Magnus Chase and the Gods of Asgard (series) by Rick Riordan
29. Percy Jackson and the Olympians & The Heroes of Olympus (series) by Rick Riordan
30. The Mortal Instruments (series) by Cassandra Clare
31. The Infernal Devices (series) by Cassandra Clare
32. The Dark Artifices (series) by Cassandra Clare
33. The Shadowhunter Chronicles (series) by Cassandra Clare
34. The Mortal Instruments & The Infernal Devices (series) by Cassandra Clare
35. The Mortal Instruments & The Dark Artifices (series) by Cassandra Clare
36. The Mortal Instruments & The Infernal Devices & The Dark Artifices (series) by Cassandra Clare
37. The Selection (series) by Kiera Cass
38. The Divergent Series (series) by Veronica Roth
39. The Hunger Games Series (series) by Suzanne Collins
40. The Maze Runner Series (series) by James Dashner
41. The Percy Jackson and the Olympians Series (series) by Rick Riordan
42. The Heroes of Olympus Series (series) by Rick Riordan
43. The Kane Chronicles Series (series) by Rick Riordan
44. Magnus Chase and the Gods of Asgard Series (series) by Rick Riordan
45. Percy Jackson and the Olympians & The Heroes of Olympus Series (series) by Rick Riordan
46. The Mortal Instruments Series (series) by Cassandra Clare
47. The Infernal Devices Series (series) by Cassandra Clare
48. The Dark Artifices Series (series) by Cassandra Clare
49. The Shadowhunter Chronicles Series (series) by Cassandra Clare
50. The Mortal Instruments & The Infernal Devices & The Dark Artifices Series (series) by Cassandra Clare