1. The Lord of the Rings (series) by J. R. R. Tolkien
2. The Hitchhiker's Guide to the Galaxy by Douglas Adams
3. The Chronicles of Narnia (series) by C. S. Lewis
4. A Song of Ice and Fire (series) by George R. R. Martin
5. The Hunger Games (series) by Suzanne Collins
6. The Divergent Series (series) by Veronica Roth
7. The Mortal Instruments (series) by Cassandra Clare
8. The Percy Jackson and the Olympians (series) by Rick Riordan
9. The Infernal Devices (series) by Cassandra Clare
10. The Mortal Instruments: The Bane Chronicles (series) by Cassandra Clare
11. The Mortal Instruments: The Dark Artifices (series) by Cassandra Clare
12. The Mortal Instruments: The Lost Book of the White (series) by Cassandra Clare
13. The Mortal Instruments: The Shadowhunter's Codex (series) by Cassandra Clare
14. The Mortal Instruments: The Bane Chronicles: The Red Scrolls of Magnus Bane (series) by Cassandra Clare
15. The Mortal Instruments: The Bane Chronicles: The Lost Book of the White (series) by Cassandra Clare
16. The Mortal Instruments: The Bane Chronicles: The Dark Artifices (series) by Cassandra Clare
17. The Mortal Instruments: The Bane Chronicles: The Lost Book of the White (series) by Cassandra Clare
18. The Mortal Instruments: The Bane Chronicles: The Dark Artifices (series) by Cassandra Clare
19. The Mortal Instruments: The Bane Chronicles: The Lost Book of the White (series) by Cassandra Clare
20. The Mortal Instruments: The Bane Chronicles: The Dark Artifices (series) by Cassandra Clare
21. The Mortal Instruments: The Bane Chronicles: The Lost Book of the White (series) by Cassandra Clare
22. The Mortal Instruments: The Bane Chronicles: The Dark Artifices (series) by Cassandra Clare
23. The Mortal Instruments: The Bane Chronicles: The Lost Book of the White (series) by Cassandra Clare
24. The Mortal Instruments: The Bane Chronicles: The Dark Artifices (series) by Cassandra Clare
25. The Mortal Instruments: The Bane Chronicles: The Lost Book of the White (series) by Cassandra Clare
26. The Mortal Instruments: The Bane Chronicles: The Dark Artifices (series) by Cassandra Clare
27. The Mortal Instruments: The Bane Chronicles: The Lost Book of the White (series) by Cassandra Clare
28. The Mortal Instruments: The Bane Chronicles: The Dark Artifices (series) by Cassandra Clare
29. The Mortal Instruments: The Bane Chronicles: The Lost Book of the White (series) by Cassandra Clare
30. The Mortal Instruments: The Bane Chronicles: The Dark Artifices (series) by Cassandra Clare
31. The Mortal Instruments: The Bane Chronicles: The Lost Book of the White (series) by Cassandra Clare
32. The Mortal Instruments: The Bane Chronicles: The Dark Artifices (series) by Cassandra Clare
33. The Mortal Instruments: The Bane Chronicles: The Lost Book of the White (series) by Cassandra Clare
34. The Mortal Instruments: The Bane Chronicles: The Dark Artifices (series) by Cassandra Clare
35. The Mortal Instruments: The Bane Chronicles: The Lost Book of the White (series) by Cassandra Clare
36. The Mortal Instruments: The Bane Chronicles: The Dark Artifices (series) by Cassandra Clare
37. The Mortal Instruments: The Bane Chronicles: The Lost Book of the White (series) by Cassandra Clare
38. The Mortal Instruments: The Bane Chronicles: The Dark Artifices (series) by Cassandra Clare
39. The Mortal Instruments: The Bane Chronicles: The Lost Book of the White (series) by Cassandra Clare
40. The Mortal Instruments: The Bane Chronicles: The Dark Artifices (series) by Cassandra Clare
41. The Mortal Instruments: The Bane Chronicles: The Lost Book of the White (series) by Cassandra Clare
42. The Mortal Instruments: The Bane Chronicles: The Dark Artifices (series) by Cassandra Clare
43. The Mortal