1. The Great Gatsby by F. Scott Fitzgerald
2. The Catcher in the Rye by J.D. Salinger
3. To Kill a Mockingbird by Harper Lee
4. One Hundred Years of Solitude by Gabriel García Márquez
5. The Color Purple by Alice Walker
6. Beloved by Toni Morrison
7. The Joy Luck Club by Amy Tan
8. The Namesake by Jhumpa Lahiri
9. The God of Small Things by Arundhati Roy
10. The Kite Runner by Khaled Hosseini
11. A Thousand Splendid Suns by Khaled Hosseini
12. The Orphan Master's Son by Adam Johnson
13. The Brief Wondrous Life of Oscar Wao by Junot Díaz
14. The Amazing Adventures of Kavalier & Clay by Michael Chabon
15. Middlesex by Jeffrey Eugenides
16. The Goldfinch by Donna Tartt
17. The Secret History by Donna Tartt
18. The Little Friend by Donna Tartt
19. The Martian by Andy Weir
20. The Hitchhiker's Guide to the Galaxy by Douglas Adams
21. The Hitchhiker's Guide to the Galaxy: The Restaurant at the End of the Universe by Douglas Adams
22. The Hitchhiker's Guide to the Galaxy: Life, the Universe and Everything by Douglas Adams
23. The Hitchhiker's Guide to the Galaxy: So Long, and Thanks for All the Fish by Douglas Adams
24. The Hitchhiker's Guide to the Galaxy: Mostly Harmless by Douglas Adams
25. The Hitchhiker's Guide to the Galaxy: And Another Thing... by Douglas Adams
26. The Hitchhiker's Guide to the Galaxy: The Ultimate Hitchhiker's Guide by Douglas Adams
27. The Hitchhiker's Guide to the Galaxy: The Illustrated Hitchhiker's Guide by Douglas Adams
28. The Hitchhiker's Guide to the Galaxy: The Original Radio Scripts by Douglas Adams
29. The Hitchhiker's Guide to the Galaxy: The Tertiary Phase by Douglas Adams
30. The Hitchhiker's Guide to the Galaxy: The Quintessential Phase by Douglas Adams
31. The Hitchhiker's Guide to the Galaxy: The Hexagonal Phase by Douglas Adams
32. The Hitchhiker's Guide to the Galaxy: The Seventh Seal by Douglas Adams
33. The Hitchhiker's Guide to the Galaxy: The Eighth Expedition by Douglas Adams
34. The Hitchhiker's Guide to the Galaxy: The Ninth Hitchhiker by Douglas Adams
35. The Hitchhiker's Guide to the Galaxy: The Tenth Hitchhiker by Douglas Adams
36. The Hitchhiker's Guide to the Galaxy: The Eleventh Hitchhiker by Douglas Adams
37. The Hitchhiker's Guide to the Galaxy: The Twelfth Hitchhiker by Douglas Adams
38. The Hitchhiker's Guide to the Galaxy: The Thirteenth Hitchhiker by Douglas Adams
39. The Hitchhiker's Guide to the Galaxy: The Fourteenth Hitchhiker by Douglas Adams
40. The Hitchhiker's Guide to the Galaxy: The Fifteenth Hitchhiker by Douglas Adams
41. The Hitchhiker's Guide to the Galaxy: The Sixteenth Hitchhiker by Douglas Adams
42. The Hitchhiker's Guide to the Galaxy: The Seventeenth Hitchhiker by Douglas Adams
43. The Hitchhiker's Guide to the Galaxy: The Eighteenth Hitchhiker by Douglas Adams
44. The Hitchhiker's Guide to the Galaxy: The Nineteenth Hitchhiker by Douglas Adams
45. The Hitchhiker's Guide to the Galaxy: The Twentieth Hitchhiker by Douglas Adams
46. The Hitchhiker's Guide to the Galaxy: The Twenty-First Hitchhiker by Douglas Adams
47. The Hitchhiker's Guide to the Galaxy: The Twenty-Second Hitchhiker by Douglas Adams
48. The Hitchhiker's Guide to the Galaxy: The Twenty-Third Hitchhiker by Douglas Adams
49. The Hitchhiker's Guide to the Galaxy: The Twenty-Fourth Hitchhiker by Douglas Adams
50. The Hitchhiker's Guide to the Galaxy: The Twenty