1. The Hobbit by J.R.R. Tolkien
2. The Silmarillion by J.R.R. Tolkien
3. The Lord of the Rings: The Fellowship of the Ring by J.R.R. Tolkien
4. The Lord of the Rings: The Two Towers by J.R.R. Tolkien
5. The Lord of the Rings: The Return of the King by J.R.R. Tolkien
6. The Hobbit: An Unexpected Journey by Peter Jackson
7. The Hobbit: The Desolation of Smaug by Peter Jackson
8. The Hobbit: The Battle of the Five Armies by Peter Jackson
9. The Lord of the Rings: The Fellowship of the Ring (film) by Peter Jackson
10. The Lord of the Rings: The Two Towers (film) by Peter Jackson
11. The Lord of the Rings: The Return of the King (film) by Peter Jackson
12. The Chronicles of Narnia: The Lion, the Witch and the Wardrobe by C.S. Lewis
13. The Chronicles of Narnia: Prince Caspian by C.S. Lewis
14. The Chronicles of Narnia: The Voyage of the Dawn Treader by C.S. Lewis
15. The Chronicles of Narnia: The Silver Chair by C.S. Lewis
16. The Chronicles of Narnia: The Last Battle by C.S. Lewis
17. The Chronicles of Narnia: The Lion, the Witch and the Wardrobe (film) by Andrew Adamson
18. The Chronicles of Narnia: Prince Caspian (film) by Andrew Adamson
19. The Chronicles of Narnia: The Voyage of the Dawn Treader (film) by Michael Apted
20. The Chronicles of Narnia: The Silver Chair (film) by Joe Johnston
21. The Chronicles of Narnia: The Last Battle (film) by Michael Apted
22. The Hitchhiker's Guide to the Galaxy by Douglas Adams
23. The Hitchhiker's Guide to the Galaxy (film) by Garth Jennings
24. The Hitchhiker's Guide to the Galaxy (TV series) by Douglas Adams
25. The Hitchhiker's Guide to the Galaxy (radio series) by Douglas Adams
26. The Hitchhiker's Guide to the Galaxy (video game) by Infocom
27. The Hitchhiker's Guide to the Galaxy (comic book) by Grant Morrison
28. The Hitchhiker's Guide to the Galaxy (novel) by Douglas Adams
29. The Hitchhiker's Guide to the Galaxy (audiobook) by Douglas Adams
30. The Hitchhiker's Guide to the Galaxy (stage play) by Douglas Adams
31. The Hitchhiker's Guide to the Galaxy (opera) by Douglas Adams
32. The Hitchhiker's Guide to the Galaxy (musical) by Douglas Adams
33. The Hitchhiker's Guide to the Galaxy (TV series) by Douglas Adams
34. The Hitchhiker's Guide to the Galaxy (radio series) by Douglas Adams
35. The Hitchhiker's Guide to the Galaxy (video game) by Infocom
36. The Hitchhiker's Guide to the Galaxy (comic book) by Grant Morrison
37. The Hitchhiker's Guide to the Galaxy (novel) by Douglas Adams
38. The Hitchhiker's Guide to the Galaxy (audiobook) by Douglas Adams
39. The Hitchhiker's Guide to the Galaxy (stage play) by Douglas Adams
40. The Hitchhiker's Guide to the Galaxy (opera) by Douglas Adams
41. The Hitchhiker's Guide to the Galaxy (musical) by Douglas Adams
42. The Hunger Games by Suzanne Collins
43. The Hunger Games: Catching Fire by Suzanne Collins
44. The Hunger Games: Mockingjay by Suzanne Collins
45. The Hunger Games: The Hunger Games (film) by Gary Ross
46. The Hunger Games: Catching Fire (film) by Francis Lawrence
47. The Hunger Games: Mockingjay - Part 1 (film) by Francis Lawrence
48. The Hunger Games: Mockingjay - Part 2 (film) by Francis Lawrence
4