1. The Mortal Instruments (series) by Cassandra Clare
2. The Infernal Devices (series) by Cassandra Clare
3. The Bane Chronicles (series) by Cassandra Clare
4. The Dark Artifices (series) by Cassandra Clare
5. The Shadowhunter Chronicles (series) by Cassandra Clare
6. The Mortal Instruments: The Graphic Novel (series) by Cassandra Clare
7. The Infernal Devices: The Graphic Novel (series) by Cassandra Clare
8. The Bane Chronicles: The Graphic Novel (series) by Cassandra Clare
9. The Dark Artifices: The Graphic Novel (series) by Cassandra Clare
10. The Shadowhunter Chronicles: The Graphic Novel (series) by Cassandra Clare
11. The Mortal Instruments: City of Bones (film)
12. The Mortal Instruments: City of Ashes (film)
13. The Mortal Instruments: City of Glass (film)
14. The Mortal Instruments: The City of Fallen Angels (film)
15. The Mortal Instruments: The Dark Artifices: Lady Midnight (film)
16. The Mortal Instruments: The Dark Artifices: Lord of Shadows (film)
17. The Mortal Instruments: The Dark Artifices: Queen of Air and Darkness (film)
18. The Infernal Devices: Clockwork Angel (film)
19. The Infernal Devices: Clockwork Prince (film)
20. The Infernal Devices: Clockwork Princess (film)
21. The Bane Chronicles: The Mortal Instruments: The Bane Chronicles (film)
22. The Bane Chronicles: The Infernal Devices: The Bane Chronicles (film)
23. The Bane Chronicles: The Dark Artifices: The Bane Chronicles (film)
24. The Bane Chronicles: The Shadowhunter Chronicles: The Bane Chronicles (film)
25. The Dark Artifices: Lady Midnight (film)
26. The Dark Artifices: Lord of Shadows (film)
27. The Dark Artifices: Queen of Air and Darkness (film)
28. The Mortal Instruments: The Graphic Novel: City of Bones (film)
29. The Mortal Instruments: The Graphic Novel: City of Ashes (film)
30. The Mortal Instruments: The Graphic Novel: City of Glass (film)
31. The Mortal Instruments: The Graphic Novel: The City of Fallen Angels (film)
32. The Mortal Instruments: The Dark Artifices: Lady Midnight (film)
33. The Mortal Instruments: The Dark Artifices: Lord of Shadows (film)
34. The Mortal Instruments: The Dark Artifices: Queen of Air and Darkness (film)
35. The Infernal Devices: Clockwork Angel (film)
36. The Infernal Devices: Clockwork Prince (film)
37. The Infernal Devices: Clockwork Princess (film)
38. The Bane Chronicles: The Mortal Instruments: The Bane Chronicles (film)
39. The Bane Chronicles: The Infernal Devices: The Bane Chronicles (film)
40. The Bane Chronicles: The Dark Artifices: The Bane Chronicles (film)
41. The Bane Chronicles: The Shadowhunter Chronicles: The Bane Chronicles (film)
42. The Dark Artifices: Lady Midnight (film)
43. The Dark Artifices: Lord of Shadows (film)
44. The Dark Artifices: Queen of Air and Darkness (film)
45. The Mortal Instruments: The Graphic Novel: City of Bones (film)
46. The Mortal Instruments: The Graphic Novel: City of Ashes (film)
47. The Mortal Instruments: The Graphic Novel: City of Glass (film)
48. The Mortal Instruments: The Graphic Novel: The City of Fallen Angels (film)
49. The Mortal Instruments: The Dark Artifices: Lady Midnight (film)
50. The Mortal Instruments: The Dark Artifices: Lord of Shadows (film)