1. The Scarlet Letter by Nathaniel Hawthorne
2. Jane Eyre by Charlotte Brontë
3. Wuthering Heights by Emily Brontë
4. Pride and Prejudice by Jane Austen
5. Persuasion by Jane Austen
6. Emma by Jane Austen
7. Northanger Abbey by Jane Austen
8. Sense and Sensibility by Jane Austen
9. Mansfield Park by Jane Austen
10. Middlemarch by George Eliot
11. The Mill on the Floss by George Eliot
12. Daniel Deronda by George Eliot
13. Adam Bede by George Eliot
14. Silas Marner by George Eliot
15. The Life of Samuel Johnson by James Boswell
16. The History of Tom Jones, a Foundling by Henry Fielding
17. Joseph Andrews by Henry Fielding
18. Tom Sawyer by Mark Twain
19. Adventures of Huckleberry Finn by Mark Twain
20. The Adventures of Tom Sawyer and Huckleberry Finn by Mark Twain
21. The Adventures of Huckleberry Finn and Tom Sawyer Abroad by Mark Twain
22. The Adventures of Huckleberry Finn and Tom Sawyer, Detective by Mark Twain
23. The Adventures of Huckleberry Finn and Tom Sawyer, the Prince and the Pauper by Mark Twain
24. The Adventures of Huckleberry Finn and Tom Sawyer, Robbers by Mark Twain
25. The Adventures of Huckleberry Finn and Tom Sawyer, the Gilded Age by Mark Twain
26. The Adventures of Huckleberry Finn and Tom Sawyer, A Connecticut Yankee in King Arthur's Court by Mark Twain
27. The Adventures of Huckleberry Finn and Tom Sawyer, The Man That Corrupted Hadleyburg by Mark Twain
28. The Adventures of Huckleberry Finn and Tom Sawyer, The Mysterious Stranger by Mark Twain
29. The Adventures of Huckleberry Finn and Tom Sawyer, The Prince and the Pauper by Mark Twain
30. The Adventures of Huckleberry Finn and Tom Sawyer, The Adventures of Tom Sawyer by Mark Twain
31. The Adventures of Huckleberry Finn and Tom Sawyer, The Adventures of Huckleberry Finn by Mark Twain
32. The Adventures of Huckleberry Finn and Tom Sawyer, The Adventures of Huckleberry Finn and Tom Sawyer Abroad by Mark Twain
33. The Adventures of Huckleberry Finn and Tom Sawyer, The Adventures of Huckleberry Finn and Tom Sawyer, Detective by Mark Twain
34. The Adventures of Huckleberry Finn and Tom Sawyer, The Adventures of Huckleberry Finn and Tom Sawyer, the Prince and the Pauper by Mark Twain
35. The Adventures of Huckleberry Finn and Tom Sawyer, The Adventures of Huckleberry Finn and Tom Sawyer, Robbers by Mark Twain
36. The Adventures of Huckleberry Finn and Tom Sawyer, The Adventures of Huckleberry Finn and Tom Sawyer, the Gilded Age by Mark Twain
37. The Adventures of Huckleberry Finn and Tom Sawyer, The Adventures of Huckleberry Finn and Tom Sawyer, A Connecticut Yankee in King Arthur's Court by Mark Twain
38. The Adventures of Huckleberry Finn and Tom Sawyer, The Adventures of Huckleberry Finn and Tom Sawyer, The Man That Corrupted Hadleyburg by Mark Twain
39. The Adventures of Huckleberry Finn and Tom Sawyer, The Adventures of Huckleberry Finn and Tom Sawyer, The Mysterious Stranger by Mark Twain
40. The Adventures of Huckleberry Finn and Tom Sawyer, The Adventures of Huckleberry Finn and Tom Sawyer, The Prince and the Pauper by Mark Twain
41. The Adventures of Huckleberry Finn and Tom Sawyer, The Adventures of Huckleberry Finn and Tom Sawyer, The Adventures of Tom Sawyer by Mark Twain
42. The Adventures of Huckleberry Finn and Tom Sawyer, The Adventures of Huckleberry Finn and Tom Sawyer, The Adventures of Huckleberry Finn by Mark Twain
43. The Adventures of Huckleberry Finn and Tom Sawyer, The Adventures of Huckleberry Finn and Tom Sawyer, The Adventures of Huckleberry Finn and Tom Sawyer Abroad by Mark Twain
44. The Adventures of Huckleberry Finn and Tom Sawyer, The Adventures of Huckleberry Finn and Tom Sawyer, The Adventures of Huckleberry Finn and Tom Sawyer, Detective by Mark Twain
45. The Adventures of Huckleberry Finn and Tom Sawyer, The Adventures of Huckleberry Finn and Tom Sawyer, The Adventures of Huckleberry Finn