1. The Colour of Magic (Discworld) by Terry Pratchett
2. The Light Fantastic (Discworld) by Terry Pratchett
3. Equal Rites (Discworld) by Terry Pratchett
4. Mort (Discworld) by Terry Pratchett
5. Sourcery (Discworld) by Terry Pratchett
6. Wyrd Sisters (Discworld) by Terry Pratchett
7. Guards! Guards! (Discworld) by Terry Pratchett
8. Men at Arms (Discworld) by Terry Pratchett
9. Soul Music (Discworld) by Terry Pratchett
10. Moving Pictures (Discworld) by Terry Pratchett
11. Reaper Man (Discworld) by Terry Pratchett
12. Witches Abroad (Discworld) by Terry Pratchett
13. Small Gods (Discworld) by Terry Pratchett
14. Lords and Ladies (Discworld) by Terry Pratchett
15. Men at Arms (Discworld) by Terry Pratchett
16. Feet of Clay (Discworld) by Terry Pratchett
17. Hogfather (Discworld) by Terry Pratchett
18. Jingo (Discworld) by Terry Pratchett
19. The Last Continent (Discworld) by Terry Pratchett
20. Carpe Jugulum (Discworld) by Terry Pratchett
21. The Fifth Elephant (Discworld) by Terry Pratchett
22. The Truth (Discworld) by Terry Pratchett
23. Night Watch (Discworld) by Terry Pratchett
24. Thud! (Discworld) by Terry Pratchett
25. The Amazing Maurice and His Educated Rodents (Discworld) by Terry Pratchett
26. Going Postal (Discworld) by Terry Pratchett
27. Making Money (Discworld) by Terry Pratchett
28. Unseen Academicals (Discworld) by Terry Pratchett
29. I Shall Wear Midnight (Discworld) by Terry Pratchett
30. The Shepherd's Crown (Discworld) by Terry Pratchett
31. The Hitchhiker's Guide to the Galaxy by Douglas Adams
32. The Restaurant at the End of the Universe by Douglas Adams
33. Life, the Universe and Everything by Douglas Adams
34. So Long, and Thanks for All the Fish by Douglas Adams
35. Mostly Harmless by Douglas Adams
36. The Long Dark Tea-Time of the Soul by Douglas Adams
37. Dirk Gently's Holistic Detective Agency by Douglas Adams
38. The Hitchhiker's Guide to the Galaxy Radio Show by Douglas Adams
39. The Hitchhiker's Guide to the Galaxy (TV series) by Douglas Adams
40. The Hitchhiker's Guide to the Galaxy (film) by Garth Jennings
41. The Hitchhiker's Guide to the Galaxy (video game) by Infocom
42. The Hitchhiker's Guide to the Galaxy (video game) by Nintendo
43. The Hitchhiker's Guide to the Galaxy (video game) by Telltale Games
44. The Hitchhiker's Guide to the Galaxy (video game) by Big Finish
45. The Hitchhiker's Guide to the Galaxy (video game) by BBC
46. The Hitchhiker's Guide to the Galaxy (video game) by BBC
47. The Hitchhiker's Guide to the Galaxy (video game) by BBC
48. The Hitchhiker's Guide to the Galaxy (video game) by BBC
49. The Hitchhiker's Guide to the Galaxy (video game) by BBC
50. The Hitchhiker's Guide to the Galaxy (video game) by BBC