1. The Sandman (graphic novel series) by Neil Gaiman
2. The Mortal Instruments (series) by Cassandra Clare
3. The Vampire Lestat (novel) by Anne Rice
4. Pale Fire (novel) by Vladimir Nabokov
5. Dolores Claiborne (novel) by Stephen King
6. The Great Gatsby (novel) by F. Scott Fitzgerald
7. The Catcher in the Rye (novel) by J.D. Salinger
8. The Lord of the Rings (series) by J.R.R. Tolkien
9. The Hitchhiker's Guide to the Galaxy (series) by Douglas Adams
10. A Song of Ice and Fire (series) by George R.R. Martin
11. The Hunger Games (series) by Suzanne Collins
12. Divergent (series) by Veronica Roth
13. The Maze Runner (series) by James Dashner
14. The Percy Jackson and the Olympians (series) by Rick Riordan
15. The Mortal Instruments (series) by Cassandra Clare
16. The Infernal Devices (series) by Cassandra Clare
17. The Dark Artifices (series) by Cassandra Clare
18. The Shadowhunter Chronicles (series) by Cassandra Clare
19. The Mortal Instruments: The Bane Chronicles (series) by Cassandra Clare
20. The Mortal Instruments: The Lost Book of the White (series) by Cassandra Clare
21. The Mortal Instruments: The Bane Chronicles (series) by Cassandra Clare
22. The Mortal Instruments: The Dark Artifices (series) by Cassandra Clare
23. The Mortal Instruments: The Bane Chronicles (series) by Cassandra Clare
24. The Mortal Instruments: The Lost Book of the White (series) by Cassandra Clare
25. The Mortal Instruments: The Bane Chronicles (series) by Cassandra Clare
26. The Mortal Instruments: The Dark Artifices (series) by Cassandra Clare
27. The Mortal Instruments: The Bane Chronicles (series) by Cassandra Clare
28. The Mortal Instruments: The Lost Book of the White (series) by Cassandra Clare
29. The Mortal Instruments: The Bane Chronicles (series) by Cassandra Clare
30. The Mortal Instruments: The Dark Artifices (series) by Cassandra Clare
31. The Mortal Instruments: The Bane Chronicles (series) by Cassandra Clare
32. The Mortal Instruments: The Lost Book of the White (series) by Cassandra Clare
33. The Mortal Instruments: The Bane Chronicles (series) by Cassandra Clare
34. The Mortal Instruments: The Dark Artifices (series) by Cassandra Clare
35. The Mortal Instruments: The Bane Chronicles (series) by Cassandra Clare
36. The Mortal Instruments: The Lost Book of the White (series) by Cassandra Clare
37. The Mortal Instruments: The Bane Chronicles (series) by Cassandra Clare
38. The Mortal Instruments: The Dark Artifices (series) by Cassandra Clare
39. The Mortal Instruments: The Bane Chronicles (series) by Cassandra Clare
40. The Mortal Instruments: The Lost Book of the White (series) by Cassandra Clare
41. The Mortal Instruments: The Bane Chronicles (series) by Cassandra Clare
42. The Mortal Instruments: The Dark Artifices (series) by Cassandra Clare
43. The Mortal Instruments: The Bane Chronicles (series) by Cassandra Clare
44. The Mortal Instruments: The Lost Book of the White (series) by Cassandra Clare
45. The Mortal Instruments: The Bane Chronicles (series) by Cassandra Clare
46. The Mortal Instruments: The Dark Artifices (series) by Cassandra Clare
47. The Mortal Instruments: The Bane Chronicles (series) by Cassandra Clare
48. The Mortal Instruments: The Lost Book of the White (series) by Cassandra Clare
49. The Mortal Instruments: The Bane Chronicles (series) by Cassandra Clare
50. The Mortal Instruments: The Dark Artifices (series) by Cassandra Clare