1. The Mortal Instruments by Cassandra Clare
2. The Infernal Devices by Cassandra Clare
3. The Dark Artifices by Cassandra Clare
4. The Bane Chronicles by Cassandra Clare
5. The Shadowhunter Chronicles by Cassandra Clare
6. The Mortal Instruments: The Graphic Novel by Cassandra Clare
7. The Infernal Devices: The Graphic Novel by Cassandra Clare
8. The Dark Artifices: The Graphic Novel by Cassandra Clare
9. The Bane Chronicles: The Graphic Novel by Cassandra Clare
10. The Shadowhunter Chronicles: The Graphic Novel by Cassandra Clare
11. The Mortal Instruments: City of Bones by Cassandra Clare
12. The Infernal Devices: Clockwork Angel by Cassandra Clare
13. The Dark Artifices: Lady Midnight by Cassandra Clare
14. The Bane Chronicles: The Red Scrolls of Magic by Cassandra Clare
15. The Shadowhunter Chronicles: The Mortal Instruments by Cassandra Clare
16. The Mortal Instruments: City of Ashes by Cassandra Clare
17. The Infernal Devices: Clockwork Prince by Cassandra Clare
18. The Dark Artifices: Lord of Shadows by Cassandra Clare
19. The Bane Chronicles: The Lost Book of the White by Cassandra Clare
20. The Shadowhunter Chronicles: The Infernal Devices by Cassandra Clare
21. The Mortal Instruments: City of Glass by Cassandra Clare
22. The Infernal Devices: Clockwork Princess by Cassandra Clare
23. The Dark Artifices: Queen of Air and Darkness by Cassandra Clare
24. The Bane Chronicles: The Bane Chronicles by Cassandra Clare
25. The Shadowhunter Chronicles: The Dark Artifices by Cassandra Clare
26. The Mortal Instruments: The Bane Chronicles by Cassandra Clare
27. The Infernal Devices: The Shadowhunter Chronicles by Cassandra Clare
28. The Dark Artifices: The Mortal Instruments by Cassandra Clare
29. The Bane Chronicles: The Infernal Devices by Cassandra Clare
30. The Shadowhunter Chronicles: The Dark Artifices by Cassandra Clare
31. The Mortal Instruments: The Shadowhunter Chronicles by Cassandra Clare
32. The Infernal Devices: The Bane Chronicles by Cassandra Clare
33. The Dark Artifices: The Mortal Instruments by Cassandra Clare
34. The Bane Chronicles: The Infernal Devices by Cassandra Clare
35. The Shadowhunter Chronicles: The Dark Artifices by Cassandra Clare
36. The Mortal Instruments: The Bane Chronicles by Cassandra Clare
37. The Infernal Devices: The Shadowhunter Chronicles by Cassandra Clare
38. The Dark Artifices: The Mortal Instruments by Cassandra Clare
39. The Bane Chronicles: The Infernal Devices by Cassandra Clare
40. The Shadowhunter Chronicles: The Dark Artifices by Cassandra Clare
41. The Mortal Instruments: The Bane Chronicles by Cassandra Clare
42. The Infernal Devices: The Shadowhunter Chronicles by Cassandra Clare
43. The Dark Artifices: The Mortal Instruments by Cassandra Clare
44. The Bane Chronicles: The Infernal Devices by Cassandra Clare
45. The Shadowhunter Chronicles: The Dark Artifices by Cassandra Clare
46. The Mortal Instruments: The Bane Chronicles by Cassandra Clare
47. The Infernal Devices: The Shadowhunter Chronicles by Cassandra Clare
48. The Dark Artifices: The Mortal Instruments by Cassandra Clare
49. The Bane Chronicles: The Infernal Devices by Cassandra Clare
50. The Shadowhunter Chronicles: The Dark Artifices by Cassandra Clare