1. The Vampire Diaries (novel series) by L. J. Smith
2. The Mortal Instruments (novel series) by Cassandra Clare
3. The Selection (novel series) by Kiera Cass
4. The Divergent Series (novel series) by Veronica Roth
5. The Maze Runner (novel series) by James Dashner
6. The Hunger Games (novel series) by Suzanne Collins
7. Twilight (novel series) by Stephenie Meyer
8. Harry Potter (novel series) by J. K. Rowling
9. Percy Jackson and the Olympians (novel series) by Rick Riordan
10. The Lord of the Rings (novel series) by J. R. R. Tolkien
11. A Song of Ice and Fire (novel series) by George R. R. Martin
12. The Chronicles of Narnia (novel series) by C. S. Lewis
13. The His Dark Materials (novel series) by Philip Pullman
14. The Giver (novel series) by Lois Lowry
15. The Percy Jackson and the Olympians (novel series) by Rick Riordan
16. The Kane Chronicles (novel series) by Rick Riordan
17. Magnus Chase and the Gods of Asgard (novel series) by Rick Riordan
18. The Heroes of Olympus (novel series) by Rick Riordan
19. The Trials of Apollo (novel series) by Rick Riordan
20. The Percy Jackson and the Olympians (novel series) by Rick Riordan
21. The Kane Chronicles (novel series) by Rick Riordan
22. Magnus Chase and the Gods of Asgard (novel series) by Rick Riordan
23. The Heroes of Olympus (novel series) by Rick Riordan
24. The Trials of Apollo (novel series) by Rick Riordan
25. The Percy Jackson and the Olympians (novel series) by Rick Riordan
26. The Kane Chronicles (novel series) by Rick Riordan
27. Magnus Chase and the Gods of Asgard (novel series) by Rick Riordan
28. The Heroes of Olympus (novel series) by Rick Riordan
29. The Trials of Apollo (novel series) by Rick Riordan
30. The Percy Jackson and the Olympians (novel series) by Rick Riordan
31. The Kane Chronicles (novel series) by Rick Riordan
32. Magnus Chase and the Gods of Asgard (novel series) by Rick Riordan
33. The Heroes of Olympus (novel series) by Rick Riordan
34. The Trials of Apollo (novel series) by Rick Riordan
35. The Percy Jackson and the Olympians (novel series) by Rick Riordan
36. The Kane Chronicles (novel series) by Rick Riordan
37. Magnus Chase and the Gods of Asgard (novel series) by Rick Riordan
38. The Heroes of Olympus (novel series) by Rick Riordan
39. The Trials of Apollo (novel series) by Rick Riordan
40. The Percy Jackson and the Olympians (novel series) by Rick Riordan
41. The Kane Chronicles (novel series) by Rick Riordan
42. Magnus Chase and the Gods of Asgard (novel series) by Rick Riordan
43. The Heroes of Olympus (novel series) by Rick Riordan
44. The Trials of Apollo (novel series) by Rick Riordan
45. The Percy Jackson and the Olympians (novel series) by Rick Riordan
46. The Kane Chronicles (novel series) by Rick Riordan
47. Magnus Chase and the Gods of Asgard (novel series) by Rick Riordan
48. The Heroes of Olympus (novel series) by Rick Riordan
49. The Trials of Apollo (novel series) by Rick Riordan
50. The Percy Jackson and the Olympians (novel series) by Rick Riordan