1. The Mortal Instruments (series) by Cassandra Clare
2. The Infernal Devices (series) by Cassandra Clare
3. The Dark Artifices (series) by Cassandra Clare
4. The Bane Chronicles (series) by Cassandra Clare
5. The Shadowhunter Chronicles (series) by Cassandra Clare
6. The Mortal Instruments: The Graphic Novel (series) by Cassandra Clare
7. The Infernal Devices: The Graphic Novel (series) by Cassandra Clare
8. The Dark Artifices: The Graphic Novel (series) by Cassandra Clare
9. The Bane Chronicles: The Graphic Novel (series) by Cassandra Clare
10. The Shadowhunter Chronicles: The Graphic Novel (series) by Cassandra Clare
11. The Vampire Diaries (series) by L. J. Smith
12. The Secret Circle (series) by L. J. Smith
13. The Forbidden Game (series) by L. J. Smith
14. The Night World (series) by L. J. Smith
15. The Dark Visions (series) by L. J. Smith
16. The Hunters (series) by L. J. Smith
17. The Seekers (series) by L. J. Smith
18. The Soul Seekers (series) by L. J. Smith
19. The Darkest Powers (series) by Kelley Armstrong
20. The Darkest Powers: The Graphic Novel (series) by Kelley Armstrong
21. The Darkest Powers: The Second Generation (series) by Kelley Armstrong
22. The Darkest Powers: The Third Generation (series) by Kelley Armstrong
23. The Darkest Powers: The Fourth Generation (series) by Kelley Armstrong
24. The Darkest Powers: The Fifth Generation (series) by Kelley Armstrong
25. The Darkest Powers: The Sixth Generation (series) by Kelley Armstrong
26. The Darkest Powers: The Seventh Generation (series) by Kelley Armstrong
27. The Darkest Powers: The Eighth Generation (series) by Kelley Armstrong
28. The Darkest Powers: The Ninth Generation (series) by Kelley Armstrong
29. The Darkest Powers: The Tenth Generation (series) by Kelley Armstrong
30. The Darkest Powers: The Eleventh Generation (series) by Kelley Armstrong
31. The Darkest Powers: The Twelfth Generation (series) by Kelley Armstrong
32. The Darkest Powers: The Thirteenth Generation (series) by Kelley Armstrong
33. The Darkest Powers: The Fourteenth Generation (series) by Kelley Armstrong
34. The Darkest Powers: The Fifteenth Generation (series) by Kelley Armstrong
35. The Darkest Powers: The Sixteenth Generation (series) by Kelley Armstrong
36. The Darkest Powers: The Seventeenth Generation (series) by Kelley Armstrong
37. The Darkest Powers: The Eighteenth Generation (series) by Kelley Armstrong
38. The Darkest Powers: The Nineteenth Generation (series) by Kelley Armstrong
39. The Darkest Powers: The Twentieth Generation (series) by Kelley Armstrong
40. The Darkest Powers: The Twenty-First Generation (series) by Kelley Armstrong
41. The Darkest Powers: The Twenty-Second Generation (series) by Kelley Armstrong
42. The Darkest Powers: The Twenty-Third Generation (series) by Kelley Armstrong
43. The Darkest Powers: The Twenty-Fourth Generation (series) by Kelley Armstrong
44. The Darkest Powers: The Twenty-Fifth Generation (series) by Kelley Armstrong
45. The Darkest Powers: The Twenty-Sixth Generation (series) by Kelley Armstrong
46. The Darkest Powers: The Twenty-Seventh Generation (series) by Kelley Armstrong
47. The Darkest Powers: The Twenty-Eighth Generation (series) by Kelley Armstrong
48. The Darkest Powers: The Twenty-Ninth Generation (series) by Kelley Armstrong
49. The Darkest Powers: The Thirtieth Generation (series) by Kelley Armstrong
50. The Darkest Powers: The Thirty-First Generation (series) by Kelley Armstrong