1. The Mortal Instruments by Cassandra Clare
2. The Infernal Devices by Cassandra Clare
3. The Dark Artifices by Cassandra Clare
4. The Bane Chronicles by Cassandra Clare
5. The Mortal Instruments: The Bane Chronicles by Cassandra Clare
6. The Mortal Instruments: The Lost Book of the White by Cassandra Clare
7. The Mortal Instruments: The Shadowhunter's Codex by Cassandra Clare
8. The Mortal Instruments: The Illustrated City of Bones by Cassandra Clare
9. The Mortal Instruments: The Illustrated City of Ashes by Cassandra Clare
10. The Mortal Instruments: The Illustrated Clockwork Angel by Cassandra Clare
11. The Mortal Instruments: The Illustrated Clockwork Prince by Cassandra Clare
12. The Mortal Instruments: The Illustrated Queen of Air and Darkness by Cassandra Clare
13. The Mortal Instruments: The Illustrated The Dark Artifices by Cassandra Clare
14. The Mortal Instruments: The Illustrated The Bane Chronicles by Cassandra Clare
15. The Mortal Instruments: The Illustrated The Lost Book of the White by Cassandra Clare
16. The Mortal Instruments: The Illustrated The Shadowhunter's Codex by Cassandra Clare
17. The Mortal Instruments: The Illustrated City of Bones by Cassandra Clare
18. The Mortal Instruments: The Illustrated City of Ashes by Cassandra Clare
19. The Mortal Instruments: The Illustrated Clockwork Angel by Cassandra Clare
20. The Mortal Instruments: The Illustrated Clockwork Prince by Cassandra Clare
21. The Mortal Instruments: The Illustrated Queen of Air and Darkness by Cassandra Clare
22. The Mortal Instruments: The Illustrated The Dark Artifices by Cassandra Clare
23. The Mortal Instruments: The Illustrated The Bane Chronicles by Cassandra Clare
24. The Mortal Instruments: The Illustrated The Lost Book of the White by Cassandra Clare
25. The Mortal Instruments: The Illustrated The Shadowhunter's Codex by Cassandra Clare
26. The Mortal Instruments: The Illustrated City of Bones by Cassandra Clare
27. The Mortal Instruments: The Illustrated City of Ashes by Cassandra Clare
28. The Mortal Instruments: The Illustrated Clockwork Angel by Cassandra Clare
29. The Mortal Instruments: The Illustrated Clockwork Prince by Cassandra Clare
30. The Mortal Instruments: The Illustrated Queen of Air and Darkness by Cassandra Clare
31. The Mortal Instruments: The Illustrated The Dark Artifices by Cassandra Clare
32. The Mortal Instruments: The Illustrated The Bane Chronicles by Cassandra Clare
33. The Mortal Instruments: The Illustrated The Lost Book of the White by Cassandra Clare
34. The Mortal Instruments: The Illustrated The Shadowhunter's Codex by Cassandra Clare
35. The Mortal Instruments: The Illustrated City of Bones by Cassandra Clare
36. The Mortal Instruments: The Illustrated City of Ashes by Cassandra Clare
37. The Mortal Instruments: The Illustrated Clockwork Angel by Cassandra Clare
38. The Mortal Instruments: The Illustrated Clockwork Prince by Cassandra Clare
39. The Mortal Instruments: The Illustrated Queen of Air and Darkness by Cassandra Clare
40. The Mortal Instruments: The Illustrated The Dark Artifices by Cassandra Clare
41. The Mortal Instruments: The Illustrated The Bane Chronicles by Cassandra Clare
42. The Mortal Instruments: The Illustrated The Lost Book of the White by Cassandra Clare
43. The Mortal Instruments: The Illustrated The Shadowhunter's Codex by Cassandra Clare
44. The Mortal Instruments: The Illustrated City of Bones by Cassandra Clare
45. The Mortal Instruments: The Illustrated City of Ashes by Cassandra Clare
46. The Mortal Instruments: The Illustrated Clockwork Angel by Cassandra Clare
47. The Mortal Instruments: The Illustrated Clockwork Prince by Cassandra Clare
48. The Mortal Instruments: The Illustrated Queen of Air and Darkness by Cassandra Clare
49. The Mortal Instruments: The Illustrated The Dark Artifices by Cassandra Clare
50. The Mortal Instruments: The Illustrated The Bane Chronicles by Cassandra Clare