1. The Mortal Instruments (series) by Cassandra Clare
2. The Infernal Devices (series) by Cassandra Clare
3. The Dark Artifices (series) by Cassandra Clare
4. The Bane Chronicles (series) by Cassandra Clare
5. The Shadowhunter Chronicles (series) by Cassandra Clare
6. The Mortal Instruments: The Graphic Novel (series) by Cassandra Clare
7. The Infernal Devices: The Graphic Novel (series) by Cassandra Clare
8. The Dark Artifices: The Graphic Novel (series) by Cassandra Clare
9. The Bane Chronicles: The Graphic Novel (series) by Cassandra Clare
10. The Shadowhunter Chronicles: The Graphic Novel (series) by Cassandra Clare
11. The Mortal Instruments: City of Bones (film)
12. The Mortal Instruments: City of Ashes (film)
13. The Mortal Instruments: City of Glass (film)
14. The Mortal Instruments: The Awakening (film)
15. The Mortal Instruments: The Red Scrolls of Magic (film)
16. The Mortal Instruments: The Lost Book of the White (film)
17. The Mortal Instruments: The Black Volume of the Dead (film)
18. The Mortal Instruments: The White Book of the Black (film)
19. The Mortal Instruments: The Red Book of the Shadow (film)
20. The Mortal Instruments: The Black Book of the Dead (film)
21. The Mortal Instruments: The White Book of the Black (film)
22. The Mortal Instruments: The Red Book of the Shadow (film)
23. The Mortal Instruments: The Black Book of the Dead (film)
24. The Mortal Instruments: The White Book of the Black (film)
25. The Mortal Instruments: The Red Book of the Shadow (film)
26. The Mortal Instruments: The Black Book of the Dead (film)
27. The Mortal Instruments: The White Book of the Black (film)
28. The Mortal Instruments: The Red Book of the Shadow (film)
29. The Mortal Instruments: The Black Book of the Dead (film)
30. The Mortal Instruments: The White Book of the Black (film)
31. The Mortal Instruments: The Red Book of the Shadow (film)
32. The Mortal Instruments: The Black Book of the Dead (film)
33. The Mortal Instruments: The White Book of the Black (film)
34. The Mortal Instruments: The Red Book of the Shadow (film)
35. The Mortal Instruments: The Black Book of the Dead (film)
36. The Mortal Instruments: The White Book of the Black (film)
37. The Mortal Instruments: The Red Book of the Shadow (film)
38. The Mortal Instruments: The Black Book of the Dead (film)
39. The Mortal Instruments: The White Book of the Black (film)
40. The Mortal Instruments: The Red Book of the Shadow (film)
41. The Mortal Instruments: The Black Book of the Dead (film)
42. The Mortal Instruments: The White Book of the Black (film)
43. The Mortal Instruments: The Red Book of the Shadow (film)
44. The Mortal Instruments: The Black Book of the Dead (film)
45. The Mortal Instruments: The White Book of the Black (film)
46. The Mortal Instruments: The Red Book of the Shadow (film)
47. The Mortal Instruments: The Black Book of the Dead (film)
48. The Mortal Instruments: The White Book of the Black (film)
49. The Mortal Instruments: The Red Book of the Shadow (film)
50. The Mortal Instruments: The Black Book of the Dead (film)