1. The Secret Garden by Frances Hodgson Burnett
2. The Lion, the Witch and the Wardrobe by C. S. Lewis
3. A Wrinkle in Time by Madeleine L'Engle
4. Harry Potter and the Sorcerer's Stone by J. K. Rowling
5. The Chronicles of Narnia by C. S. Lewis
6. The Lord of the Rings by J. R. R. Tolkien
7. The Hobbit by J. R. R. Tolkien
8. Peter Pan by J. M. Barrie
9. The Little Prince by Antoine de Saint-Exupéry
10. Alice in Wonderland by Lewis Carroll
11. To Kill a Mockingbird by Harper Lee
12. The Catcher in the Rye by J. D. Salinger
13. The Great Gatsby by F. Scott Fitzgerald
14. 1984 by George Orwell
15. Animal Farm by George Orwell
16. Brave New World by Aldous Huxley
17. Fahrenheit 451 by Ray Bradbury
18. The Hitchhiker's Guide to the Galaxy by Douglas Adams
19. The Hitchhiker's Guide to the Galaxy: The Restaurant at the End of the Universe by Douglas Adams
20. The Hitchhiker's Guide to the Galaxy: So Long, and Thanks for All the Fish by Douglas Adams
21. The Hitchhiker's Guide to the Galaxy: Mostly Harmless by Douglas Adams
22. The Hitchhiker's Guide to the Galaxy: The Ultimate Hitchhiker's Guide by Douglas Adams
23. The Hitchhiker's Guide to the Galaxy: And Another Thing... by Douglas Adams
24. The Hitchhiker's Guide to the Galaxy: Mostly Harmless: The Original Radio Scripts by Douglas Adams
25. The Hitchhiker's Guide to the Galaxy: The Tertiary Phase by Douglas Adams
26. The Hitchhiker's Guide to the Galaxy: Life, the Universe and Everything by Douglas Adams
27. The Hitchhiker's Guide to the Galaxy: The Restaurant at the End of the Universe by Douglas Adams
28. The Hitchhiker's Guide to the Galaxy: So Long, and Thanks for All the Fish by Douglas Adams
29. The Hitchhiker's Guide to the Galaxy: Mostly Harmless by Douglas Adams
30. The Hitchhiker's Guide to the Galaxy: The Ultimate Hitchhiker's Guide by Douglas Adams
31. The Hitchhiker's Guide to the Galaxy: And Another Thing... by Douglas Adams
32. The Hitchhiker's Guide to the Galaxy: Mostly Harmless: The Original Radio Scripts by Douglas Adams
33. The Hitchhiker's Guide to the Galaxy: The Tertiary Phase by Douglas Adams
34. The Hitchhiker's Guide to the Galaxy: Life, the Universe and Everything by Douglas Adams
35. The Hitchhiker's Guide to the Galaxy: The Restaurant at the End of the Universe by Douglas Adams
36. The Hitchhiker's Guide to the Galaxy: So Long, and Thanks for All the Fish by Douglas Adams
37. The Hitchhiker's Guide to the Galaxy: Mostly Harmless by Douglas Adams
38. The Hitchhiker's Guide to the Galaxy: The Ultimate Hitchhiker's Guide by Douglas Adams
39. The Hitchhiker's Guide to the Galaxy: And Another Thing... by Douglas Adams
40. The Hitchhiker's Guide to the Galaxy: Mostly Harmless: The Original Radio Scripts by Douglas Adams
41. The Hitchhiker's Guide to the Galaxy: The Tertiary Phase by Douglas Adams
42. The Hitchhiker's Guide to the Galaxy: Life, the Universe and Everything by Douglas Adams
43. The Hitchhiker's Guide to the Galaxy: The Restaurant at the End of the Universe by Douglas Adams
44. The Hitchhiker's Guide to the Galaxy: So Long, and Thanks for All the Fish by Douglas Adams
45. The Hitchhiker's Guide to the Galaxy: Mostly Harmless by Douglas Adams
46. The Hitchhiker's Guide to the Galaxy: The Ultimate Hitchhiker's Guide by Douglas Adams
47. The Hitchhiker's Guide