1. The Southern Vampire Mysteries (series) by Charlaine Harris
2. The Black Dagger Brotherhood (series) by J. R. Ward
3. The Twilight Saga (series) by Stephenie Meyer
4. The Vampire Chronicles (series) by Anne Rice
5. The Dresden Files (series) by Jim Butcher
6. The Anita Blake: Vampire Hunter (series) by Laurell K. Hamilton
7. The Mercy Thompson (series) by Patricia Briggs
8. The Sookie Stackhouse (series) by Charlaine Harris
9. The Vampire Diaries (series) by L. J. Smith
10. The Mortal Instruments (series) by Cassandra Clare
11. The Infernal Devices (series) by Cassandra Clare
12. The Dark Artifices (series) by Cassandra Clare
13. The Shadowhunter Chronicles (series) by Cassandra Clare
14. The Mortal Instruments: The Bane Chronicles (series) by Cassandra Clare
15. The Mortal Instruments: The Bane Chronicles (novel) by Cassandra Clare
16. The Mortal Instruments: The Bane Chronicles (graphic novel) by Cassandra Clare
17. The Mortal Instruments: The Bane Chronicles (short story collection) by Cassandra Clare
18. The Mortal Instruments: The Bane Chronicles (novella) by Cassandra Clare
19. The Mortal Instruments: The Bane Chronicles (fanfiction) by Cassandra Clare
20. The Mortal Instruments: The Bane Chronicles (fanart) by Cassandra Clare
21. The Mortal Instruments: The Bane Chronicles (fanfiction) by Cassandra Clare
22. The Mortal Instruments: The Bane Chronicles (fanart) by Cassandra Clare
23. The Mortal Instruments: The Bane Chronicles (fanfiction) by Cassandra Clare
24. The Mortal Instruments: The Bane Chronicles (fanart) by Cassandra Clare
25. The Mortal Instruments: The Bane Chronicles (fanfiction) by Cassandra Clare
26. The Mortal Instruments: The Bane Chronicles (fanart) by Cassandra Clare
27. The Mortal Instruments: The Bane Chronicles (fanfiction) by Cassandra Clare
28. The Mortal Instruments: The Bane Chronicles (fanart) by Cassandra Clare
29. The Mortal Instruments: The Bane Chronicles (fanfiction) by Cassandra Clare
30. The Mortal Instruments: The Bane Chronicles (fanart) by Cassandra Clare
31. The Mortal Instruments: The Bane Chronicles (fanfiction) by Cassandra Clare
32. The Mortal Instruments: The Bane Chronicles (fanart) by Cassandra Clare
33. The Mortal Instruments: The Bane Chronicles (fanfiction) by Cassandra Clare
34. The Mortal Instruments: The Bane Chronicles (fanart) by Cassandra Clare
35. The Mortal Instruments: The Bane Chronicles (fanfiction) by Cassandra Clare
36. The Mortal Instruments: The Bane Chronicles (fanart) by Cassandra Clare
37. The Mortal Instruments: The Bane Chronicles (fanfiction) by Cassandra Clare
38. The Mortal Instruments: The Bane Chronicles (fanart) by Cassandra Clare
39. The Mortal Instruments: The Bane Chronicles (fanfiction) by Cassandra Clare
40. The Mortal Instruments: The Bane Chronicles (fanart) by Cassandra Clare
41. The Mortal Instruments: The Bane Chronicles (fanfiction) by Cassandra Clare
42. The Mortal Instruments: The Bane Chronicles (fanart) by Cassandra Clare
43. The Mortal Instruments: The Bane Chronicles (fanfiction) by Cassandra Clare
44. The Mortal Instruments: The Bane Chronicles (fanart) by Cassandra Clare
45. The Mortal Instruments: The Bane Chronicles (fanfiction) by Cassandra Clare
46. The Mortal Instruments: The Bane Chronicles (fanart) by Cassandra Clare
47. The Mortal Instruments: The Bane Chronicles (fanfiction) by Cassandra Clare
48. The Mortal Instruments: The Bane Chronicles (fanart) by Cassandra Clare
49. The Mortal Instruments: The Bane Chronicles (fanfiction) by Cassandra Clare
50. The Mortal Instruments: The Bane Chronicles (fanart) by Cassandra Clare