

1. The Graveyard Book by Neil Gaiman
2. The Ocean at the End of the Lane by Neil Gaiman
3. Stardust by Neil Gaiman
4. Coraline by Neil Gaiman
5. The Sandman Series by Neil Gaiman
6. Harry Potter and the Philosopher's Stone by J.K. Rowling
7. Harry Potter and the Chamber of Secrets by J.K. Rowling
8. Harry Potter and the Prisoner of Azkaban by J.K. Rowling
9. Harry Potter and the Goblet of Fire by J.K. Rowling
10. Harry Potter and the Order of the Phoenix by J.K. Rowling
11. Harry Potter and the Half-Blood Prince by J.K. Rowling
12. Harry Potter and the Deathly Hallows by J.K. Rowling
13. The Murders in the Rue Morgue and Other Stories by Edgar Allan Poe
14. The Fall of the House of Usher and Other Tales by Edgar Allan Poe
15. The Raven and Other Poems by Edgar Allan Poe
16. Lenore: The Cries of Love by Edgar Allan Poe
17. The Crow: The Third Book of Pellinor by Alison Croggon
18. The Crow: The Fourth Book of Pellinor by Alison Croggon
19. The Crow: The Fifth Book of Pellinor by Alison Croggon
20. Venus in Furs by Leopold von Sacher-Masoch
21. Ariel by Sylvia Plath
22. The Bell Jar by Sylvia Plath
23. The Colossus and Other Poems by Sylvia Plath
24. The Gold Bug Variations by Richard Powers
25. The Echo Maker by Richard Powers
26. Generosity by Richard Powers
27. The Time of Our Singing by Richard Powers
28. The Last Storytellers: Folk Tales from the Heart of Morocco by Richard Hamilton
29. The Arabian Nights by Richard Hamilton
30. The Arabian Nights: Tales from a Thousand and One Nights by Richard Hamilton
31. The Arabian Nights: Tales of Wonder and Magic by Richard Hamilton
32. The Arabian Nights: Tales of Mystery and Adventure by Richard Hamilton
33. The Arabian Nights: Tales of Love and Betrayal by Richard Hamilton
34. The Arabian Nights: Tales of Enchantment and Desire by Richard Hamilton
35. The Arabian Nights: Tales of Wisdom and Wonder by Richard Hamilton
36. The Arabian Nights: Tales of Mystery, Magic, and Adventure by Richard Hamilton
37. The Arabian Nights: Tales of the Marvelous, the Bizarre, and the Fantastic by Richard Hamilton
38. The Arabian Nights: Tales of the Unexpected by Richard Hamilton
39. The Arabian Nights: Tales of the Unusual and the Extraordinary by Richard Hamilton
40. The Arabian Nights: Tales of the Mysterious and the Marvelous by Richard Hamilton
41. The Arabian Nights: Tales of the Strange and the Wonderful by Richard Hamilton
42. The Arabian Nights: Tales of the Fantastic and the Bizarre by Richard Hamilton
43. The Arabian Nights: Tales of the Mysterious and the Unknown by Richard Hamilton
44. The Arabian Nights: Tales of the Unbelievable by Richard Hamilton
45. The Arabian Nights: Tales of the Supernatural by Richard Hamilton
46. The Arabian Nights: Tales of the Imaginary and the Fantastic by Richard Hamilton
47. The Arabian Nights: Tales of the Unimaginable by Richard Hamilton
48. The Arabian Nights: Tales of the Unfathomable by Richard Hamilton
49. The Arabian Nights: Tales of the Unearthly by Richard Hamilton
50. The Arabian Nights: Tales of the Unseen by Richard Hamilton