1. The Da Vinci Code
2. The Lost Symbol
3. Angels & Demons
4. The Silmarillion
5. The Lord of the Rings
6. The Hobbit
7. The Hobbit: An Unexpected Journey
8. The Hobbit: The Desolation of Smaug
9. The Hobbit: The Battle of the Five Armies
10. The Lord of the Rings: The Fellowship of the Ring
11. The Lord of the Rings: The Two Towers
12. The Lord of the Rings: The Return of the King
13. The Hitchhiker's Guide to the Galaxy
14. The Hitchhiker's Guide to the Galaxy: The Restaurant at the End of the Universe
15. The Hitchhiker's Guide to the Galaxy: Life, the Universe and Everything
16. The Hitchhiker's Guide to the Galaxy: So Long, and Thanks for All the Fish
17. The Hitchhiker's Guide to the Galaxy: Mostly Harmless
18. The Hitchhiker's Guide to the Galaxy: And Another Thing...
19. The Hitchhiker's Guide to the Galaxy: The Ultimate Hitchhiker's Guide
20. The Hitchhiker's Guide to the Galaxy: The Illustrated Hitchhiker's Guide to the Galaxy
21. The Hitchhiker's Guide to the Galaxy: The Original Radio Scripts
22. The Hitchhiker's Guide to the Galaxy: The Tertiary Phase
23. The Hitchhiker's Guide to the Galaxy: The Quintessential Phase
24. The Hitchhiker's Guide to the Galaxy: The Hexagonal Phase
25. The Hitchhiker's Guide to the Galaxy: The Seventh Seal
26. The Hitchhiker's Guide to the Galaxy: The Eighth Expedition
27. The Hitchhiker's Guide to the Galaxy: The Ninth Hitchhiker
28. The Hitchhiker's Guide to the Galaxy: The Tenth Hitchhiker
29. The Hitchhiker's Guide to the Galaxy: The Eleventh Hitchhiker
30. The Hitchhiker's Guide to the Galaxy: The Twelfth Hitchhiker
31. The Hitchhiker's Guide to the Galaxy: The Thirteenth Hitchhiker
32. The Hitchhiker's Guide to the Galaxy: The Fourteenth Hitchhiker
33. The Hitchhiker's Guide to the Galaxy: The Fifteenth Hitchhiker
34. The Hitchhiker's Guide to the Galaxy: The Sixteenth Hitchhiker
35. The Hitchhiker's Guide to the Galaxy: The Seventeenth Hitchhiker
36. The Hitchhiker's Guide to the Galaxy: The Eighteenth Hitchhiker
37. The Hitchhiker's Guide to the Galaxy: The Nineteenth Hitchhiker
38. The Hitchhiker's Guide to the Galaxy: The Twentieth Hitchhiker
39. The Hitchhiker's Guide to the Galaxy: The Twenty-First Hitchhiker
40. The Hitchhiker's Guide to the Galaxy: The Twenty-Second Hitchhiker
41. The Hitchhiker's Guide to the Galaxy: The Twenty-Third Hitchhiker
42. The Hitchhiker's Guide to the Galaxy: The Twenty-Fourth Hitchhiker
43. The Hitchhiker's Guide to the Galaxy: The Twenty-Fifth Hitchhiker
44. The Hitchhiker's Guide to the Galaxy: The Twenty-Sixth Hitchhiker
45. The Hitchhiker's Guide to the Galaxy: The Twenty-Seventh Hitchhiker
46. The Hitchhiker's Guide to the Galaxy: The Twenty-Eighth Hitchhiker
47. The Hitchhiker's Guide to the Galaxy: The Twenty-Ninth Hitchhiker
48. The Hitchhiker's Guide to the Galaxy: The Thirtieth Hitchhiker
49. The Hitchhiker's Guide to the Galaxy: The Thirty-First Hitchhiker
50. The Hitchhiker's Guide to the Galaxy: The Thirty-Second Hitchhiker