1. The Chronicles of Narnia: The Lion, the Witch and the Wardrobe
2. The Chronicles of Narnia: Prince Caspian
3. The Chronicles of Narnia: The Voyage of the Dawn Treader
4. The Chronicles of Narnia: The Silver Chair
5. The Chronicles of Narnia: The Last Battle
6. The Chronicles of Narnia: The Magician's Nephew
7. The Chronicles of Narnia: The Horse and His Boy
8. The Chronicles of Narnia: The Lion, the Witch and the Wardrobe (film)
9. The Chronicles of Narnia: Prince Caspian (film)
10. The Chronicles of Narnia: The Voyage of the Dawn Treader (film)
11. The Chronicles of Narnia: The Silver Chair (film)
12. The Chronicles of Narnia: The Last Battle (film)
13. The Chronicles of Narnia: The Magician's Nephew (film)
14. The Chronicles of Narnia: The Horse and His Boy (film)
15. The Chronicles of Narnia: The Lion, the Witch and the Wardrobe (TV series)
16. The Chronicles of Narnia: Prince Caspian (TV series)
17. The Chronicles of Narnia: The Voyage of the Dawn Treader (TV series)
18. The Chronicles of Narnia: The Silver Chair (TV series)
19. The Chronicles of Narnia: The Last Battle (TV series)
20. The Chronicles of Narnia: The Magician's Nephew (TV series)
21. The Chronicles of Narnia: The Horse and His Boy (TV series)
22. The Chronicles of Narnia: The Lion, the Witch and the Wardrobe (video game)
23. The Chronicles of Narnia: Prince Caspian (video game)
24. The Chronicles of Narnia: The Voyage of the Dawn Treader (video game)
25. The Chronicles of Narnia: The Silver Chair (video game)
26. The Chronicles of Narnia: The Last Battle (video game)
27. The Chronicles of Narnia: The Magician's Nephew (video game)
28. The Chronicles of Narnia: The Horse and His Boy (video game)
29. The Chronicles of Narnia: The Lion, the Witch and the Wardrobe (musical)
30. The Chronicles of Narnia: Prince Caspian (musical)
31. The Chronicles of Narnia: The Voyage of the Dawn Treader (musical)
32. The Chronicles of Narnia: The Silver Chair (musical)
33. The Chronicles of Narnia: The Last Battle (musical)
34. The Chronicles of Narnia: The Magician's Nephew (musical)
35. The Chronicles of Narnia: The Horse and His Boy (musical)
36. The Chronicles of Narnia: The Lion, the Witch and the Wardrobe (radio play)
37. The Chronicles of Narnia: Prince Caspian (radio play)
38. The Chronicles of Narnia: The Voyage of the Dawn Treader (radio play)
39. The Chronicles of Narnia: The Silver Chair (radio play)
40. The Chronicles of Narnia: The Last Battle (radio play)
41. The Chronicles of Narnia: The Magician's Nephew (radio play)
42. The Chronicles of Narnia: The Horse and His Boy (radio play)
43. The Chronicles of Narnia: The Lion, the Witch and the Wardrobe (fan film)
44. The Chronicles of Narnia: Prince Caspian (fan film)
45. The Chronicles of Narnia: The Voyage of the Dawn Treader (fan film)
46. The Chronicles of Narnia: The Silver Chair (fan film)
47. The Chronicles of Narnia: The Last Battle (fan film)
48. The Chronicles of Narnia: The Magician's Nephew (fan film)
49. The Chronicles of Narnia: The Horse and His Boy (fan film)
50. The Chronicles of Narnia: The Lion, the Witch and the Wardrobe (novel)