1. The Lord of the Rings
2. The Silmarillion
3. The Hobbit
4. The Return of the King
5. The Fellowship of the Ring
6. The Two Towers
7. The Hobbit: An Unexpected Journey
8. The Hobbit: The Desolation of Smaug
9. The Hobbit: The Battle of the Five Armies
10. The Chronicles of Narnia: The Lion, the Witch and the Wardrobe
11. The Chronicles of Narnia: Prince Caspian
12. The Chronicles of Narnia: The Voyage of the Dawn Treader
13. The Chronicles of Narnia: The Silver Chair
14. The Chronicles of Narnia: The Last Battle
15. The Chronicles of Narnia: The Magician's Nephew
16. The Chronicles of Narnia: The Lion, the Witch and the Wardrobe (film)
17. The Chronicles of Narnia: Prince Caspian (film)
18. The Chronicles of Narnia: The Voyage of the Dawn Treader (film)
19. The Chronicles of Narnia: The Silver Chair (film)
20. The Chronicles of Narnia: The Last Battle (film)
21. The Chronicles of Narnia: The Magician's Nephew (film)
22. The Chronicles of Narnia: The Lion, the Witch and the Wardrobe (TV series)
23. The Chronicles of Narnia: Prince Caspian (TV series)
24. The Chronicles of Narnia: The Voyage of the Dawn Treader (TV series)
25. The Chronicles of Narnia: The Silver Chair (TV series)
26. The Chronicles of Narnia: The Last Battle (TV series)
27. The Chronicles of Narnia: The Magician's Nephew (TV series)
28. The Chronicles of Narnia: The Lion, the Witch and the Wardrobe (video game)
29. The Chronicles of Narnia: Prince Caspian (video game)
30. The Chronicles of Narnia: The Voyage of the Dawn Treader (video game)
31. The Chronicles of Narnia: The Silver Chair (video game)
32. The Chronicles of Narnia: The Last Battle (video game)
33. The Chronicles of Narnia: The Magician's Nephew (video game)
34. The Chronicles of Narnia: The Lion, the Witch and the Wardrobe (musical)
35. The Chronicles of Narnia: Prince Caspian (musical)
36. The Chronicles of Narnia: The Voyage of the Dawn Treader (musical)
37. The Chronicles of Narnia: The Silver Chair (musical)
38. The Chronicles of Narnia: The Last Battle (musical)
39. The Chronicles of Narnia: The Magician's Nephew (musical)
40. The Chronicles of Narnia: The Lion, the Witch and the Wardrobe (radio play)
41. The Chronicles of Narnia: Prince Caspian (radio play)
42. The Chronicles of Narnia: The Voyage of the Dawn Treader (radio play)
43. The Chronicles of Narnia: The Silver Chair (radio play)
44. The Chronicles of Narnia: The Last Battle (radio play)
45. The Chronicles of Narnia: The Magician's Nephew (radio play)
46. The Chronicles of Narnia: The Lion, the Witch and the Wardrobe (audiobook)
47. The Chronicles of Narnia: Prince Caspian (audiobook)
48. The Chronicles of Narnia: The Voyage of the Dawn Treader (audiobook)
49. The Chronicles of Narnia: The Silver Chair (audiobook)
50. The Chronicles of Narnia: The Last Battle (audiobook)