1. The Magician's Nephew
2. The Chronicles of Narnia: Prince Caspian
3. The Horse and His Boy
4. The Lion, the Witch and the Wardrobe
5. The Voyage of the Dawn Treader
6. The Silver Chair
7. The Last Battle
8. The Magician's Apprentice
9. The Lion, the Witch and the Wardrobe (film)
10. The Chronicles of Narnia: Prince Caspian (film)
11. The Chronicles of Narnia: The Voyage of the Dawn Treader (film)
12. The Chronicles of Narnia: The Silver Chair (film)
13. The Chronicles of Narnia: The Last Battle (film)
14. The Chronicles of Narnia: The Lion, the Witch and the Wardrobe (TV series)
15. The Chronicles of Narnia: Prince Caspian (TV series)
16. The Chronicles of Narnia: The Voyage of the Dawn Treader (TV series)
17. The Chronicles of Narnia: The Silver Chair (TV series)
18. The Chronicles of Narnia: The Last Battle (TV series)
19. The Chronicles of Narnia: The Lion, the Witch and the Wardrobe (video game)
20. The Chronicles of Narnia: Prince Caspian (video game)
21. The Chronicles of Narnia: The Voyage of the Dawn Treader (video game)
22. The Chronicles of Narnia: The Silver Chair (video game)
23. The Chronicles of Narnia: The Last Battle (video game)
24. The Chronicles of Narnia: The Lion, the Witch and the Wardrobe (musical)
25. The Chronicles of Narnia: Prince Caspian (musical)
26. The Chronicles of Narnia: The Voyage of the Dawn Treader (musical)
27. The Chronicles of Narnia: The Silver Chair (musical)
28. The Chronicles of Narnia: The Last Battle (musical)
29. The Chronicles of Narnia: The Lion, the Witch and the Wardrobe (radio play)
30. The Chronicles of Narnia: Prince Caspian (radio play)
31. The Chronicles of Narnia: The Voyage of the Dawn Treader (radio play)
32. The Chronicles of Narnia: The Silver Chair (radio play)
33. The Chronicles of Narnia: The Last Battle (radio play)
34. The Chronicles of Narnia: The Lion, the Witch and the Wardrobe (novel)
35. The Chronicles of Narnia: Prince Caspian (novel)
36. The Chronicles of Narnia: The Voyage of the Dawn Treader (novel)
37. The Chronicles of Narnia: The Silver Chair (novel)
38. The Chronicles of Narnia: The Last Battle (novel)
39. The Chronicles of Narnia: The Lion, the Witch and the Wardrobe (picture book)
40. The Chronicles of Narnia: Prince Caspian (picture book)
41. The Chronicles of Narnia: The Voyage of the Dawn Treader (picture book)
42. The Chronicles of Narnia: The Silver Chair (picture book)
43. The Chronicles of Narnia: The Last Battle (picture book)
44. The Chronicles of Narnia: The Lion, the Witch and the Wardrobe (audiobook)
45. The Chronicles of Narnia: Prince Caspian (audiobook)
46. The Chronicles of Narnia: The Voyage of the Dawn Treader (audiobook)
47. The Chronicles of Narnia: The Silver Chair (audiobook)
48. The Chronicles of Narnia: The Last Battle (audiobook)
49. The Chronicles of Narnia: The Lion, the Witch and the Wardrobe (fan film)
50. The Chronicles of Narnia: Prince Caspian (fan film)