1. The Lord of the Rings
2. The Hobbit
3. The Fellowship of the Ring
4. The Two Towers
5. The Return of the King
6. The Silmarillion
7. The Hobbit: An Unexpected Journey
8. The Hobbit: The Desolation of Smaug
9. The Hobbit: The Battle of the Five Armies
10. The Lord of the Rings: The Motion Picture
11. The Lord of the Rings: The Two Towers
12. The Lord of the Rings: The Return of the King
13. The Chronicles of Narnia: The Lion, the Witch and the Wardrobe
14. The Chronicles of Narnia: Prince Caspian
15. The Chronicles of Narnia: The Voyage of the Dawn Treader
16. The Chronicles of Narnia: The Silver Chair
17. The Chronicles of Narnia: The Last Battle
18. The Chronicles of Narnia: The Magician's Nephew
19. The Chronicles of Narnia: The Lion, the Witch and the Wardrobe (film)
20. The Chronicles of Narnia: Prince Caspian (film)
21. The Chronicles of Narnia: The Voyage of the Dawn Treader (film)
22. The Chronicles of Narnia: The Silver Chair (film)
23. The Chronicles of Narnia: The Last Battle (film)
24. The Chronicles of Narnia: The Magician's Nephew (film)
25. The Chronicles of Narnia: The Lion, the Witch and the Wardrobe (TV series)
26. The Chronicles of Narnia: Prince Caspian (TV series)
27. The Chronicles of Narnia: The Voyage of the Dawn Treader (TV series)
28. The Chronicles of Narnia: The Silver Chair (TV series)
29. The Chronicles of Narnia: The Last Battle (TV series)
30. The Chronicles of Narnia: The Magician's Nephew (TV series)
31. The Chronicles of Narnia: The Lion, the Witch and the Wardrobe (video game)
32. The Chronicles of Narnia: Prince Caspian (video game)
33. The Chronicles of Narnia: The Voyage of the Dawn Treader (video game)
34. The Chronicles of Narnia: The Silver Chair (video game)
35. The Chronicles of Narnia: The Last Battle (video game)
36. The Chronicles of Narnia: The Magician's Nephew (video game)
37. The Chronicles of Narnia: The Lion, the Witch and the Wardrobe (musical)
38. The Chronicles of Narnia: Prince Caspian (musical)
39. The Chronicles of Narnia: The Voyage of the Dawn Treader (musical)
40. The Chronicles of Narnia: The Silver Chair (musical)
41. The Chronicles of Narnia: The Last Battle (musical)
42. The Chronicles of Narnia: The Magician's Nephew (musical)
43. The Chronicles of Narnia: The Lion, the Witch and the Wardrobe (radio play)
44. The Chronicles of Narnia: Prince Caspian (radio play)
45. The Chronicles of Narnia: The Voyage of the Dawn Treader (radio play)
46. The Chronicles of Narnia: The Silver Chair (radio play)
47. The Chronicles of Narnia: The Last Battle (radio play)
48. The Chronicles of Narnia: The Magician's Nephew (radio play)
49. The Chronicles of Narnia: The Lion, the Witch and the Wardrobe (audiobook)
50. The Chronicles of Narnia: Prince Caspian (audiobook)